# Redacted Document

**Original file:** CBE - MF01_Maisha Minerals and Fertilizers SSA Signed CONKEN00-2023-00011_NO NOTE.pdf
**Processed:** 2026-02-06T10:35:28.516Z
**PII entities redacted:** 6

---

CONFIDENTIAL

SOLAR SERVICES AGREEMENT

Mavund
ERTILIZER

J  ;  T \ c R O S S B 0 UNb AR Y
      ENERGY
                                V> >

      liem3
                                    • h,



                                                                                         CONFIDENTIAL

                               SOLAR SERVICES AGREEMENT

This SOLAR SERVICES AGREEMENT (together with aii Annexures hereto, the "Agreement") is entered into
on j   No                      (the "Effective Date") by and between:

   1.  CrossBoundary Energy Kenya Limited ("System Owner") incorporated in Kenya, having its registered
       address at: SkyPark Piaza, Waiyaki Way, Westiands, Nairobi

   2.  Maisha Minera ls and Fertilisers Limited ("Customer") incorporated in Kenya, having its registered
       address at: Devki Group Building, opposite Ruiru station, Ruiru Kamiti road, Ruiru

Hereinafter referred individually as a "Party" or coiiectiveiy as the "Parties".

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement (including the Annexures hereto) has been executed and delivered
as of the date set forth below.

THE COMMON SEAL of the within named Maisha Minerals and Fertilisers Limited was hereunto affixed in the
presence of:

By:.                            By:.

Name:   LOKECH KUMAR            Name: CHArONFSN 2AD
Title:  COMMERCIAL DIRECTOR     Title:  CpiP-

            [DIRECTOR]                  [SECRETARY]

THE COMMON SEAL of the within named CrossBoundary Energy Kenya Limited was hereunto affixed in the
presence of:

By:
                          Name: P'GT(
Title:                    Title:

                                                                     ' [Di^TCg^W:RETARY]

WHEREAS, CuftSlmifeS^sires that System Owner install and operate a ^lar photovoltaic system at the Site
(as hereafter dqft)ba)for the purpose of providing Solar Services (as hereafter defined), and System Owner is
willing to do^JJ^same; and

WHEREAS, System Owner desires to sell and deliver to Custo mer, and Cu stomer desires to <NAME_REDACTED> and
receive from System Owner, aii electricity that may be generated by the Facilities for the term of this Agreement
and otherwise on terms and subject to the conditions provided herein.



THER EFORE,  conside ration     set     CONFIDENTIAL    80  20
NOW          in                of the mutual prom ises   forth below , and other good and valuable
consideration, the recoipt and sufficienc:y of which are hereby acknowl edged, the Parties hereb y agree as
follows:

20

− 2

4



                                                                                    CONFIDENTIAL

                                  Part I: Key Project Terms

In the event of any inconsistency behween the terms and conditions set forth in this Part I (the "Key Terms")
and the terms and conditions set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, the Key Terms shall prevail;

 Country of              Republic of Kenya
 Operation
 Initial Term            From Effective Date to date that is 20 years from first day of the month following
                         the Commercial Operation Date.
 Additional Term         Up to two (2) Additional Terms of five (5) years each, by mutual agreement.
 Payment                 An amount payable monthly, calculated as the Energy Output for the applicable
                         month multiplied by a solar tariff calculated according to ANNEXURE C:
                         PRICING AND PAYMENT TERMS.

                         Further Payment Terms, in cluding required payment security, are specified in
                         ANNEXURE C: PRICING AND PAYMENT TERMS.
 Enabling Works          Pre-construction works to be conducted by the Cust omer to enabli ng System
                         Owner to begin execution, as set out in ANNEXURE D: CUSTOMER ENABLING
                         WORKS
 Early Purchase and      As set out in ANNEXURE F: EARLY TERMINATION CHARGE beginning on the
 Termination Options     Effective Date.
 Site(s)                 This Agreeme nt shall apply to the following Site(s) (each a "Site"): Maisha
                         Minerals and Fertilisers Limited, Athi River as set out in ANNEXURE B: SITE &
                         AREA LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS.
 Notice Address          Svstem Owner:
                         SkyPark Plaza, WaiyakI Way, Westlands, Nairobi
                         <EMAIL_REDACTED>
                         Customer:
                         Athi River off Mombasa road, opposite Lukenya RD,
                         <EMAIL_REDACTED>
 Designated              Svstem Owner:
 Representative          Mr. <NAME_REDACTED> (Director)
                         <EMAIL_REDACTED>
                         Customer:
                         Chandresh Jagad (Director)
                        <PHONE_REDACTED>
                        cloCincck3.com
 System Owner           System Owner shall obtain the following Approvals:
 Obtained Approvals     •   Generation license from EPRA
                        •   Tariff approval from EPRA
                        •   Certificate of compliance of the project with the National Construction
                            Authority under National Construction Authority Regulations 2014
                         •  EPRA importation, installation O&M certifications and PPA Approval
                         •  Development Permit (Includes Approval of Building Plans) as required under
                            the Physical and Land use planning Act 2019
                         •  Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) Licence as required under the
                            Environmental (Impact Assessment and Audit) Regulations, 2003

Insurance Cover          System Owner will obtain and    maintain, at its own expense, the following
                         Insurance Cover to the reasonable satisfaction of Customer:
                         1. Public liability insurance with a minimum limit of at least USD 2,000,000 per
                         occurrence and in the aggregate,
                         2. Contract works insurance for the F acilities with a suf ficient limit to cover fu ll
                         replacement value of the Facilities,
                         3. Assets all risk in surance over the Facilities, which shall include in its scope,
                         cover against natural disasters, loss or damage caused by accidental damage,
                         fire, expl osion, burglary, thef t, flood, lightnin g, hail, wind, and damag e due to



                                                                              CONFIDENTIAL

                       animals, vehicles or falling trees.

                       Customer will obtain and maintain, at Its own expense, or produce evidence of
                       adequate Insurance Cover to  the reasonab le satisfaction of System Owner,
                       Including;
                       1. Public liability Insurance with a limit of at least the same value, per occurrence,
                       as the System Owner's Public Liability insurance cover;
                       2. Property Insurance against loss or damage to Customer's premises, buildings,
                       structures and property (Includ ing fixtures, fittings, plant, mach inery and any
                       other assets belonging to the Customer, contained within the Site)

Anticipated            270 days after the Effective Date of the Agreement.
Commerciai
Operation Date
Commerciai             90 days after the Anticip ated Com mercial Operation Date. Liabi lity for delays
Operation Longstop     beyond this period will apply for  each Party as set forth In ANNEXURE G:
Date                   DELAYS.
Required Energy        80% of the E xpected Energy Output cumulatively over eac h yearly Guarantee
Output                 Period, as set forth In ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.



                                                               CONFIDENTIAL

       PARTII: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

                TABLE OF CONTENTS

1      DEFINITIONS AND INTEPRETATION                               6
2      CONSENT TO INSTALLATION                                     6
3      PURCHASE AND SALE OF ELECTRICITY                            6
4      DURATION OF THE AGREEMENT                                   6
5      PAYMENT                                                     7
6      ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS                                      7
7      DELIVERY OF SOLAR SERVICES                                  7
8      CONDITIONS PRIOR TO INSTALLATION                        8
9      COMMERCIAL OPERATION DATE                                 S 9
10     METERING EQUIPMENT                                          9
11     GRANTING OF LICENSE; RIGHT OF ACCESS                      S 9
12     RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS                                   1010
13     ENABLING WORKS                                             11
14     NOTICE                                                     11
15     FACILITIES OWNERSHIP                                    ii 11
16     NEW SITE OWNER, ASSIGNMENT. AND FINANCING PROVISIONS    .1212
17     PURCHASE OPTION; DECOMMISSIONING                         i212
18     TAXES AND FEES                                          13 13
19     TEMPORARY REMOVAL; RE-INSTALLATION                       1313
20     FORCE MAJEURE                                            1313
21     EVENTS OF DEFAULT                                       .1515
22     DAMAGE TO FACILITIES; INSURANCE; INDEMNIFICATION        .1515
23     LIMITATION OF LIABILITY                                  is16
24     REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES                            ..1717
25     CHANGE IN LAW                                              17
26     DISPUTE RESOLUTION                                         17
27     GOVERNING LAW                                              18
28     CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION                          1S 18
29     MISCELLANEOUS                                            1919
ANNEXURE A: DEFINITIONS                                         2020
ANNEXURE B: SITE & AREA LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS              2323
ANNEXURE C: PRICING AND PAYMENT TERMS                           2526
ANNEXURE D: CUSTOMER ENABLING WORKS                             2828
ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT                                      31 31
ANNEXURE F: EARLY TERMINATION CHARGE                            √ 34
ANNEXURE G: DELAYS                                             35 35
ANNEXURE H: REQUIRED ENERGY OUTPUT                             36

s



                                                                                             CONFIDENTIAL

                             Part II: General Terms and Condition
                                                                  s
 The following terms and conditi ons shall apply to any pro vision of So lar Services by System Owner. Parties
 shall be deemed to have full knowledge of the terms and conditions herein and such terms and conditions shall
 be binding on Parties.

1        DEFINITIONS AND INTEPRETATION
        Definitions and inter pretation. Unless othenwise defined or required by the co ntext in which any term
         appears: (a) Capitalized terms used herein have the meaning provided below, (b) the singular includes
        the plural and vice versa; (c) the words "herein," "hereof and "hereunder" refer to this Agreement as a
         whole and not to any particular section or subsection or Annexure of this Agreement; (d) references to
         any agreement, document or instrument mean such agreement, document or instrument as amended,
        modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time as permitted by this Agreement; and (e) the words
        "include," "inclu des" and "includin g" mean include, includes and including "withou t limitation."  The
        captions or headings in this Agreem ent are strictly for convenienc e and shall not be considered in
        interpreting this  Agreement. Defined Terms are outlined In ANNEXURE A:     DEFINITIONS of this
        Agreement.

 2       CONSENT TO INSTALLATION
         Customer hereby consents to the installation of the Facilities on the License Area. System Owner shall
        be responsible for all costs and the perform ance of all works required for installat ion of the Facility
         excluding works agreed upon by both Parties and described in ANNEXURE D: CUSTOMER ENABLING
         WORKS that shall be the respon sibility of Customer (here after the "System Owner Works" or the
         "Enabling Works" respectively).
 :               :i.0                 "
 3       PURCHASE AND SALE OF ELECTRICITY
3.1      System Owner shall make a vailable for sale   the Customer,   the Energy Outp           ut delivere d or
 3.1                                                   to         all of
         available to be delivered by the Facilities during the Term. During each year of the Term, Customer is
         obliged to purchase:
         (a)     Ail energy supplied to the Customer as metered by the Metering Equipment; or
        (0)      least the Required Energy Output from System Owner
         (b)     At
         Whichever is greater. Energy Outp ut is defined in ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUT PUT. The Energ y
         Output of the Facility will be available to the Customer at the Delivery Point identified in ANNEXURE B:
32       SITE & AREA LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS.
 3.2     For the avoidance of doubt. Customer's obligations to purchase Energy Output shall not be reduced by
         (i) the installation of another power source on the Site, or (ii) any decrease in consumption of electricity
         at the Site for any reason. Customer shall be obligated to pay for Energy Output regardless of whether
         Customer is able to take delivery, or takes delivery, of Energy Output (unless such failure to take delivery
         is occasioned by a fault of the System Owner) so long as the Facility is available to deliv er Energy
3.3      Output to the Delivery Point.
                          Any Dispute regaring deiamrauon of Fri'rg: Ouipui srall consiilute an Expert Dispute ard bo
 3.3     Any Dispute regarding determ ination of Energy Output shall constitute an  Expert Dispute and be
3.4      resolved according to Clause 26.        the     energy generated   Facilities
 3.4     System Owner shall only take title to           electric      by the               at the Delivery Point
3.5      System Owner shall have no responsibility for risk of loss from the Delivery Point.
 3.5     Customer herewith agrees to use the Facilities, and the Energy Output, generated, for its sole use and
         benefit and for Customer's own consumption purposes only.
         JWRAT:ON CA t" AGRI 's:
                             " EErSEd
 4       DURATION OF THE AGREEMENT
4.1         This Agreoment shall commcr'ce un the Effeclive Daie and snall, subjeci to the iurther provis ons of th:s
4.1      This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall, subject to the further provisions of this
         Agreement, continue until the end of the peri od specified in the Key Project Terms as the initia l term
         (the "Initial Term") plus any Additional Term (together with the initial Term, the "Term"), unless earlier
4.2      terminated as provided for in this Agreement.
4.2      Prior to the end of the initial Term or of any applicable Additional Term, if Customer has not exercised
         its option to purch ase the Facilities, as det ailed in Section 17, eithe r Party may give the othe r Party
         written notice of its desire to extend this Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein for the
         number and length of additional periods specified in the Key Project Terms (each such additional period,
         an "Additional Term"). Such notice shall be given, if at ail, not more than one hundred twenty (120)
        and not less than sixty (60) days before the last day of the Term or the then current Additional Term, as



                                                                                           CONFIDENTIAL

        applicable. The Party receiving such request shall respond in \writing \«ithin thirty (30) days after receipt
          of the request. Failure to respond \within such thirty (30) day period shall be deemed an approval of the
          offer for an Additional Term. If both Parties agree to an Additional Term, the Additional Term shall begin
            immediately upon the conclusion of the Term or the then current term on the same terms and conditions
         as set forth in this Agreement. If the Party receiving the request for an Additional Term rejects the first
          Party's offer, this Agreement shali terminate at the end of the Initial Term or the applicable Additional
             Term (as any of the foregoing may have been extended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement).
4.3     In the event that th e Facilities generate any electric energy prior to the Com mercial Operation Date,
        Customer shall purchase said energy at the price calculated      in ANNEXURE C:              PRICING AND
        PAYMENT TERMS, provided that any purchase, sale and/or delivery of electric energy generated by
        the Facilities prior to the Commercial Operation Date shall be treated as purchase, sale and/or delivery
        of test energy only and shall not indicate that the Facilities have been put in commercial operation by
        the purchase, sale and/or delivery of such test energy.

5       PAYMENT
       7

5.1     Customer hereby agrees to pay System Owner in consideration for provision of the Solar Services the
        Payments at the times and in the manner prescribed by this Agreement.
5.2     In consideration for the Payments to be made by Customer to System Owner as hereinafter mentioned.
        System Owner agrees to install, own, operate and maintain        the Facilities and provide    the Solar
        Services, in conformity with the provisions of this Agreement.
5.3     System Owner shall invoice (with Electronic Signature as per KRA) Customer by email or other method
        agreed by the Parties on or about the first day of each month (each, an "Invoice Date"), commencing
        on the first Invoice Date to occur after the Commercial Operation Date, for the Payment in respect of
        the immediately preceding month. The last invoice shall include production only through the last day of
        the Term of this Agree ment. Customer agrees to make P ayments according to the Paym ent Terms
        stipulated in ANNEXURE C: PRICING AND PAYMENT TERMS by the sole means of electronic bank
        transfer, direct debit or direct bank transfer.
5.4     All payments by Customer made hereunder shall be non-refundable (except In the case of clear billing
        errors). All payments by Customer made hereu nder shall be made free and           clear of, and without
        deduction for, any and all Taxes and all liabilities with respect thereto. Customer shall pay any and all
        such Taxes and liab ilities and shall in demnify System Owner for and hold System O wner harmless
        against any such Taxes and any liability arising therefrom or with respect thereto.

6       ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS
6.1     System Owner shall be responsi ble for obtainin g and securin g Environmental Attributes recognised
        under any interna tional, national, or other laws and regulation s associat ed with the ownership and
        generation of power from the Facilities, including but not limited to carbon credits, and shall therefore
        remain owner of said attributes for the duration of the Agreement. Customer shall provide reasonable
        support necessary in obtaining and securing Environmental Attributes.
        Customer shall, for fundraising and reporting purposes, be permitted to disclose that the provision of
        energy being sourced under this SSA is from solar electric power generation sources.
6.3     Customer shall be permitted to make reasonable information requests to the System Owner In writing
        for information pertaining to the renewable attributes of the Facility.
7       DELIVERY OF SOLAR SERVICES

7.1     System Owner shall be responsible for operation and maintenance of the Facilities (subject, however,
        to the obligat ions and re sponsibilities of Custom er herein). System O wner shall be per mitted to use
            contractors and subcontractors to perform its obligations under this Agreement, provided however, that
        such contractors and subcontractors shali be duly licensed and shall provide any work in accordance
        with applicable Industry standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing. System Owner shall continue to be
        responsible for the quality of the work performed by its contractors and subcontractors, subject, in each
        case to the limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement.
7.2           If System Owner delivers less than the Required Energy Output during any Guarantee Period, System
                 Owner shall pay Shortfall Paym ents to Custom er accordin g to ANNEXURE E: ENE RGY OUTP UT.
            Such payment will occur no later than 60 days after the end of the applicable Guarantee Period in the
        form of a setoff against amounts payable by Customer to System Owner.



                                                                                                        CONFIDENTIAL

8       CONDITIONS PRIOR TO INSTALLATION

8.1     On the Effective Date, System Owner shall commence pre-lnstallation activities relating to the Facilities.
8.2     Each Party shall designate a representative (such person as specified in the Key Project Terms and as
        may be replaced in accordance with this Agreement, the "Designated Representative") to act on its
        behalf under this Agreement. The Designated Representative shall carry out the duties assigned to him
        or her and shall be deemed to hav e the full authori ty of the relevant Par ty under this Agre ement to
        accept or reject requests of the other Party hereunder except that no Designated Representative shall
        have the authority to vary or waive any term of this Agreement or to terminate this Agreement. If a Party
        wishes to replace any person appointed as a Designated Representative, the Party shall give the other
        Party not less than 14 days' notice of the replacement's name, address and of the date of appointment.
8.3     Prior to System Owner commencing procurement, construction, and installation of the Facility:
        (a)     System Owner shall have received from Customer:
                (i)       All information requested by System Owner for the purposes of verifying the Customer's
                          creditworthiness, including but not limited to audited financial statements and historical
                          electricity or energy payment records;
                (ii)      Proof of insurance for all Insurance Cover required to be maintained by Customer under
                          this Agreement;
                (iii)     Written acce ptance of the Constru ction Desig n Set - including design drawin gs, site
                          feasibility studies, project schedule, and Expected Energy Output - by the Customer's
                          Designated Representative; and
                (Iv)          Upon the Customer's confirmation of those person(s) holding a mortgage, lien, or other
                          encumbrance over the Site(s), System Owner and Customer shall jointly facilitate giving
                          of formal notic e to such perso ns, such noti ce recording the Syste m Owner's sole and
                          exclusive ownership of the Facility and the System Owner's rights under this Agreement.
8.4     Other than those Approvals specified as System Owner Approvals    this Agreement, Customer shall
8.4                                                                       in
        timeously obtain all other Approva ls necessary for     the installation and  operation of the Facilities
        ("Customer Approvals"). Customer hereby gives its consent to any action taken by System Owner in
        applying for any and all System Owner Obtained Approvals required for the Fa cilities, and Customer
        hereby appoints System Owner as its agent for applying for such System Owner Obtained Approvals.
        The Customer further undertakes to use its best endeavours to assist the System Owner to facilitate
        the System Owner Appro vals being obtain ed as soon as possible, allowi ng for the delivery of the
8.5     Facilities in accordance with the timelines set out in the Key Project Terms.
       In tha evoni that any of ih follov irg ovenis or cicumstancus occur grior to iho Commsrcial Ooeraion
8.5     In the event that any of the following events or circumstances occur prior to the Commercial Operation
        Date, the Parties will proceed according to the Dispute Resolution process in Clause 26, except that
        failing amicable resolution of the Dispute, the System Owner may (at its sole discretion) terminate this
        Agreement. In such case, neither Party shall have any liability to the other except for any such liabilities
        that may have accrued prior to such termination:
        (a)     There exist site conditio ns (including environmental conditions) or constru ction requirements
        (a)
                that were not known as of the Effective Date and that could reasonably be expected to materially
                increase the cost of System O wner Works or woul d adversely affect the Energy Output from
       (b!      the Facility as designed;                                             accomm odate
        (b)     System Owner determines that the Site, as is, is insufficie nt to                  the Facility or
       (c)      unsuitable for construction or operation of the Facility;
        (c)     There has been a material adverse change in the rights of the Customer to occupy the Site or
       {c)      System Owner to construct the Facility on the Site;       other
        (d)     System Owner has determined that there are easements or               land use restrictions, liens or
                encumbrances that would materially impair or prevent the installation, operation, maintenance
       (e)      or removal of the Facility;    change                    credit-worthiness         representation
        (e)     There has been a material adverse               in Customer's                or
8.6             thereof; or
8.6     System Owner may amend the Construction Design Set prior to Commercial Operation, provided that
        any    substantial changes are         subject to  written acceptance     by the Customer's Designated
        Representative, and such acceptan ce shall not     be unreason ably withhe ld, condition ed or delayed.
        Customer may reque st amendments to the Construction Design Set before Co mmercial Opera tion,
        provided these changes are not expected to materiaily increase the cost of System Owner Works or
        would adve rsely affect the Energy Outp ut from the        Facility as designed. Any Dispute betw een the
        Parties regarding the Construct ion Design Set shall constitute an Expert Dispute and be    resolved



                                                                                                     CONFIDENTIAL

         according to Clause 26.
8.7      Except wtiere ottierw ise specified in this Agreem ent, each Party shall respo nd to the other Party's
         requests for approval of the Construction Design Set pursuant to       Clause 8.3(a)(iil) or substantial
         changes thereto pursuant to Clause 8.6 within five (5) Business Days following receipt of such request.
         If the requesting Party does not receive a re sponse from within this time period, the request shall be
         considered accepted and the requesting Party may deliver notice to the other Party to that effect.

9        COMMERCIAL OPERATION DATE
C

9.1      Commercial Operation shall occur upon written notice to Customer from System Owner confirming that
         the results of testing of the Facilities (or part thereof) indicate that the Facilities (or such part) have been
         successfully Commissioned. The date of such notice shall be the "Commercial Operation Date". For
         the avoidance of doubt, the System Owner is permitted to Commission the Facilities in parts as may be
         necessary. Commercial Operation will be reache d on the earlier of the ground -mount or roof-mo unt
         Facilities being successfully Commissioned.
9.2      Once the complete Facility has been Commissioned, System Owner will provide Customer with a final
         Construction Design Set reflecting the as-built and final design of the Facility.
9.3      System Owner shall take all necessary and reasonable health and safety precautions with respect to
         installation of Facilities and delivery of Solar Services that  shall comply with the Applicable Law
         pertaining to the health and safety of persons and real and personal property. All                 work shall be
         performed by licensed professionals, as may be required by Applicable Law, and in accordance with
         such methods, acts, guidelines, rules and regulations as are applicable to the activities to be conducted
         at the Site.
9.4      Any Dispute regardin g achievement of the Commerc ial Operation Date shall                  constitute an Expert
         Dispute and be resolved according to Clause 26.

10       METERING EQUIPMENT

10.1     System Owner will install and operate the primary performance metering equipment ("Primary Meter")
         for the purpose of measurement of the Energy Output at the Metering Point. Customer may install and
                    operate (at its sole cost) separate performance metering equipment to match the units recorded by the
         Primary Meter ("Back Up Meter"). AN readings will automatically (electronically) be taken in real-time
            and more specifically at the end of each calendar month to measure Energy Output of the Facilities at
         the Metering Point. The inform ation recorded by the Pr imary Meter wili be provide d to Customer, in
         case of failure of Primary Meter, the readings from the Back Up Meter shall be considered.
10.2     In the event that mete ring of Energ y Output is preve nted, delayed or temporarily disrupted, System
         Owner shall consid er this a System Ev ent and Ene rgy Output will be calculat ed and charg ed to the
         Customer for the period of disruption as defined in ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.

11       GRANTING OF LICENSE; RIGHT OF ACCESS

11.1     Customer hereby grants System Owner and its designees a commerciai License coterminous with the
         Term, containing all the rights necessary for System Owner to use and occ upy the Site to construct,
         instail, maintain, and remove the Facilities per its obligations In this Agreement. Customer additionally
         hereby grants a non-exclusive right-of-w ay to System Own er and its employees, contra ctors, and
         subcontractors for the purpose of accessing the License Area for the duration of the Term (the "Access
         Rights"), at reasonable times and upon reas onable notice, for the pu rposes of design ing, installing.
         Inspecting, operating, maintain ing, repairing , replacing and  removing the Facilities, and any other
         purpose set forth in this Agreement. Access Rights with respect to the Site include without limitation:
         (a)     Vehicle & Pedestrian Ac cess: Reasonable vehicle and pede strian access acros s the Site to
                 gain access to the Licen se Area (as se t out in ANNEX URE B: SIT E & AREA LA YOUT AND
                 DESIGN DRAWINGS) for purpose s of designing , installing, operating, maintaining, repairing
                 and removing the Facilities.
         (b)     Transmission Lines &   Communication Cables: The right                 to locate transmiss ion lines and
                 communications cables (if applicable) across the Site.
         (c)     Storage: Adequate storage space at the Site convenient to the License Area for materials and
                 tools used during construction, installation, maintenance and decommissioning of the Facilities.
         (d)     Utilities Access: As specified in ANNEXURE D: CUSTOMER ENABLING WORKS. The supply
                 of these utility services shall be at the cost of Customer.
11.2                     Customer hereby agrees that the grant of License and Access Rights will extend so long as needed

                                                                                                                        9



                                                                                                         CONFIDENTIAL

         after termination to remove the Faciiities pursuant to the applicabie provisions of this Agreement.
11.3     Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, System Owner shaii be permitted to access
         the Site at all times for emergency purposes as reasonably determined by System Owner.

12       RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

12.1     Any approvals required of Customer under this Agreement shall be provided in a timely manner. To the
         extent that only Customer is authorized to request, obtain or issue any necessary approvals, permits,
         rebates or other financi al incentives. Custom er shall cooperat e with System Owner to obtain such
         approvals, permits, rebates or other financial incentives. To the extent any Approvals to be obtained by
         System Owner must be applie d for in the name of Custom er, Custom er hereby aut horizes System
         Owner to submit such ap plications in Customer's name and app oints System Owner as its agent In
         connection with such applic ation, provided that Syste m Owner shall cons ult with Custom er prior to
         submitting any such application, maintain Customer reasonably informed of significant interactions with
         the relevant Government Authorities and shall n ot undertake any actions that would adversely affect
         Customer without Cust omer's Des ignated Representative's prior approva l, such approval not to be
         unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
12.2     Insolation; Customer unde rstands that unob structed access to sunlight ("Insolation") is essential to
         System Owner's performance of its obligations and a material term of this Agreement. Customer shaii
         not in any way cause and shaii not in any way permit any interference with the Facilities' Insolation, if
         Customer becomes aware of any activity or condition that could diminish the insolation of the Facilities,
         Customer shall notify System Owner immediately and shall cooperate with System Owner in preserving
         the Facilities' existing insola tion levels. The Parties agree that redu cing Insolation would irreparably
         injure System Owner, that such injury ma y not be adequately compen sated by an award of mone y
         damages, and that System Owner is              entitled to seek specific perform ance of this clause against
         Customer.
12.3     Customer additionally hereby agrees:
         3 require employe es and agents          abide by all rules stipula ted by System Owner for
         (a)      to                              to                                                        the
                 License Area in respect to the Facilities, including but not limited to rules pertaining to safety,
                  security procedures or requirements, and designated entrances.
         (b)      not to tamper with , remove la belling or mar k the Facilitie s in any manner and no tify System
                  Owner immediately if there are any signs of damage, theft or vandalism to the Facilities;
         (c)      not to modify or make alternations to the Facilities or make alterations to any adjacent building
                  or structure, or electrical infr astructure tha t may have an advers e effect on the ability of the
                  Facilities to produce or deliver power;power.
         (d)     not to allow or conduct activities on or near the Facilities that have a reasonable likelihood of
                 causing damage or impairmen t and shall use the Faciiities only in  the manner and for           the
                 purpose for which it is designed;
         (e)     be responsible for using commercially reasonable efforts to ma intain the ph ysical security of
                 the Site and the Facilities agains t known risks and risks that should have been known by
                 Customer; and
         (f)     to promptly info rm the System Ow ner in case Custom er becomes aware of any emerge ncy
                 involving the Facility.
12.4     System Owner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to  coordinate in advance all repair and
         maintenance work with Customer so as to min imize any interference with scheduled activities on the
         Site. Upon request for repair and m aintenance work. Customer shall respond to such request within
         ten (10) Business Days; if Customer does not respond to such request within such ten (10) Business
         Day period, such request shaii be deemed approved by Customer. Customer agrees not to make any
         alterations or repa irs to the Site, whic h could adversely affect the op eration and main tenance of the
         Facilities without System Owner's prior written approval. To the extent that temporary disconnection or
         removal of the Facilities is necessary to perform such alterations or repairs to the Site, such
         disconnection or removal shall be considered a System Event and Customer shall pay System Owner
         on the basis of Energy Output that would have been produced by the Facilities during such
         disconnection or removal, calculated as defined in ANNEXURE E; ENERGY OUTPUT. System Owner
         or its sub-contractors shall   plan and perform any   disconnection or removal works relating to         the
        Faciiities. System Owner shall be entitled to claim from the customer ail reasonable direct costs incurred
         in performing the removal, reinstallation or disconnection works relating to requests or changes caused
         by the Customer.

1C.  10



PI                                                                                                     CONFIDENTIAL
13       ENABLING WORKS
13.1     The following terms and condition s shall govem the provision of all pre-constructlon works by    the
         contractor(s) on which System Owner shall rely on to deliver its obligations under this agreement:
         (a)     The pre-construction works described in ANNEXURE D: CUSTOMER ENABLING WORKS (the
                 "Enabling Works") shall be requi red to be comp leted before System Owner can comm ence
                Installation of the Facilities.
         (b)     The Customer shall be responsible for the Enabling Works described in        ANNEXURE D:
                 CUSTOMER ENABLING WORKS and they shall be completed to a standard as to allow System
                 Owner to commence Installation of the Facilities.
         (c)     The Customer remains responsible for the des ign, maintenance and upkeep of the En abling
                   Works of a structural nature (Including insurance thereof). In the event that the Enabling Works
                 critical to the proper operation of the Facilities (or the fulfilment of System Owners obligations
                 under the Agreement) are in astate that requires immediate repair, System Owner shall request
                 that Customer make such repairs or corrections so as the Enabling Works are completed to the
                 extent required for the Facilities to function as Intended. Where the Customer fails to make such
                 repairs or amendments to the Enabling Works, after being provided the request from System
                 Owner, System Owne r may make such repairs or                 perform such improvements at its own
                 expense, save that all such costs and expens   es reason ably Incurred In corre cting, fixing or
                 maintaining the Enabling Works shall be recoverable from the Customer.

14       NOTICE
14.1     Each party shall provide a notice address to be included In the Key Project Terms.
14.2     Any Party hereto shall be entitled to change its notice address from time to time, provided that any new
         notice address selected by either Party and any suc h change shall only be effect ed upon receipt of
         notice in writing by the other party of such change.
14.3     All notices, demands or communications from one Party to another made pursuant to this Agreement
         shall be validly served if sent by way of:
         (a)     Pre-paid registered post to the recipient Party's notice address (In which case, deemed service
                 shall be 5 (five) Business Days after posting);
         (b)     Email to that Party's email address, but only If the recipient Party has replied to the email sent
                   by the sender Party or the sender has received an acknowledgment of receipt of the same (in
                 which case, deemed service of the email shall be on the date of receipt of the email In reply or
                 of the acknowledgment of receipt, as the case may be).
         (c)     In-person delivery at the recipient Party's notice address, which must in turn be confirmed after
                delivery by way of an email to the recipient Party's email address.

15       FACILITIES OWNERSHIP

15.1     Except as permitted by this Clause 15 or by Clause 16, System Owner shall be the legal and beneficial
         owner of and shall retain title to the Facilities at all times. The Parties both consent to and agree that
         Facilities are considered movable, personal property (chattels) that are distinct from, removable from,
         are not attached to, or deemed a part of, or fixture to, the License Area.
15.2     Customer coven ants that it will not while this Agreement is in effect pledge, encum ber, transfe r or
         hypothecate the Facility to any Person or permit that any Person create any form of security interests
         in or lien or other encumbr ance (collectively, and includ ing as a result of an all-asset debe nture or
         equivalent over Customer's business at the Site, "Liens") on the Facility or any part thereof. Customer
         confirms that either (a) no Person has a Lien upon any real property comprising the License Area, or
         (b) it will obtain from any Person that has            any such Lien a non-disturbance agreem ent or other
         acknowledgement, in form and substance satisfactory to System Owner, confirming that the Facility Is
         not and will not be subject to such Lien, which acknowledgment will be obtained in the case of (i) Liens
         existing as of the Effective Date, promptly following execution of this Agreement, and in any event prior
         to the date Custome r commences procurement for the Facility, or (ii) arising follow ing the Effective
         Date, before any such Lien is cr eated. Customer further agrees to register, within six ty (60) (days of
         the Effective Date, a caveat on its title by filing a Deed of Acknowledgement of Ownership Rights with
         the Corporate Affairs Commission in form and substance satisfactory to System Owner, waiving any
         claim of owner ship of the Fac ility and, in case of encum brance of the Custome r's real property, the
         Customer shall ensure that it is explicitly stipulated in therelevant mortgage, charge or other agreement
         that the Facility Is not party of the mortgaged or otherwise encumbered property.

                                                                                                           11



                                                                                                          CONFIDENTIAL

15.3      Customer covenants that it willat all times treat the Facilities as the exclusive property of System Owner
          and acknowledges that the Customer has no ownership right to the Facilities, and covenants that it will
          not in any way encumber or grant a security interest in the Facilities.

16        NEW SITE OWNER, ASSIGNMENT, AND FINANCING PROVISIONS

16.1      Change in Ownership: Customer has the following options available in the event of a sale of the Site or
          termination of possession through a Change in Ownership to a new owner (the "New Owner"), as the
          case may be:
          (a)            Customer may transfer its rights and obligations to the New Owner, subject to written consent
                  from System Owner, which shall not unreasonably be withheld; or
          (b)     Customer may terminate this Agreement and pay the Early Termination Charge.
16.2      Except as agreed under Clauses 15 and this Clause 16, this Agreement may not be assigned in whole
          or in part by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shaii not be
          unreasonably withheld or delay ed.  Notwithstanding the foreg oing. System Owner may, witho ut the
          prior written consent of Customer, from time to time (i) assign, mortgage, pledge or               otherwise
          collaterally assign its interests in this Agreement and the Facilities to any Financing Party, (ii) directly
          or indirectly assign this Agreement and the Facilities to an affiliate or subsidiary of System Owner, (ill)
          assign this  Agreement and the Facilities to CrossBoundary Energy Holdings or any Affiliate of
          CrossBoundary Energy     Holdings, (iv) assign this Agreement      and the Facilities to any person
                succeeding to all or substantially all of the assets of System Owner (provided that System Owner shall
          be released from liability hereunder as a result of any of the foregoing permitted assignments only upon
                       assumption of System Owner's obligations hereunder by the assignee). However, any assignment of
          System Owner's right and/or obligations under this          Agreement, shall not result in any change to
          Customer's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Customer's consent to any other assignment
          shall not be unreasonably withheld if Customer has been provided with reason able proof that the
          proposed assignee (a) has compar able exper ience in operating and main taining photovolt aic solar
                  systems comparable to the Facilities and providing services comparable to those contemplated by this
          Agreement and (b) has the financial capability to           maintain the Facilities and provide the services
          contemplated by this Agreement in the manner required by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be
13.3      binding on and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assignees.
16.3      The Parties acknowledge that System Owner may from time to time obtain construction and long-term
          financing or other credit support from one or more Financing Part  ies.            "Financing Parties' means
          person or persons providing construction or permanent financing to System Owner or any of its Affiliates
          in connection with construction, ownership, operation and maintenance of the Facilities, or if applicable,
          means any pers on to whom System Ow ner has transfer red the owner ship interest in the Facilities,
          subject to a leaseback of the Facilities from such person. Both Parties agree in good faith to consider
          and to negotiate chan ges or additio ns to this Agreement that may be reasonab ly requested by the
          Financing Parties; provided, that su ch changes do not alter the fund amental economic terms of this
          Agreement. In order to facilitate the System Owner's acquisition of financing as contemplated in Clause
          16.1-16.3, Customer agrees to execute any consent,                   estoppel or acknowledgement in form and
          substance reasonably acceptable to such Financing Parties and not to unreasonably withhold
          information  requested by the      Financing Parties        for the purposes of  verifying the    Customer's
          creditworthiness, including but not limite d to audited finan cial statements and historica l electricity or
15.-:     energy payment records.            intended third-party             this Clause
16.4      The Financing Parties shall be                    beneficiaries of               16.
                  DURCHASE OP1 ON DF(: ALSSION 4
          5                        :711130aMk233
17        PURCHASE OPTION; DECOMMISSIONING
17.1     On any Purchasa Date, so lor:g as no Customor Dofau t shall havo occurec and bc coniinu nig.
17.1      On any Purchase Date, so   long as no Customer Default shall have        occurred and be continuing.
               Customer has the option to purchase the Facilities at a price (the "Purchase Price") equal to the Early
          Termination Charge (as of the Purch ase Date), specified in ANNEXU RE F: EARLY TERMINATION
17.2      CHARGE.
17.2      If Customer intends to purchase the Facilities, Customer shall provide written notice to System Owner
          not less than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to the proposed Purchase Date, of its intent to
          do so. Within thirty (30) days of receipt of Customer's notice. System Owner shall specify the Purchase
          Price. Customer shall have a period of thirty (30) days after notification to confirm or retract its decision
17 3      to exercise the purchase option
17.3      In the event Cust omer confirms its exer cise of the purch ase option in writing to System O wner, the
          Parties shall promptly execute all  documents necessary to cause title to        the Facilities to pass to
                  Customer on the Purchase Date, free and clear of any Liens, and assign all vendor warranties for the
                                                                                                             '2
                                                                                                             12



                                                                                   CONFIDENTIAL

            Facilities to Customer. Customer shall pay the Purchase Price to System Owner on the Purchase Date.
         Upon execution of the docu ments and payment of the Pu rchase Price in full and an y other amounts
         accrued but not paid to System Owner at such time, this Agreement shall terminate automatically.
17.4     If at the expiration of the Term, Customer elects not to purchase the Facilities or extend the Term, then
            System Owner, at its expense, shaii decommission and remove all of its tangible property comprising
         the Facilities from the License Area on a mutually convenient date.
17.5     The License Area shall be ret urned to a reas onable working condition except for ordina ry wear and
         tear, provided, however, that Syst em Owner shaii not be respo nsible for any landsca pe restoration.
         System Owner shall leave the Site In neat and clean ord er. System Owner shall not be obl igated to
         remove structures installed for the Facilities that are affixed to Customer's structures or any below grade
            structure, including foundations and conduits. In performing the decommissioning System Owner shaii
         reasonably attempt to minimize disruption at the Site.
17.6     Upon any decommissioning pursua nt to Clause 17.4, respons ibility for safe disposal of all waste
         generated by the Facilities shall be the responsibility of the System Owner, it  shaii undertak e all
         necessary measures to ensure that the dispos al of all waste generated by the Faci lities during the
         operation and deco mmissioning of the Facilities th at includes the reuse, recy cling or repu rposing of
         usable materials and disposal of unusable materials shall be in line with prevaiiing Waste Management
         Regulations and any other prescribed relevant laws to safeguard the wellbeing of the environment in
         the Licence Area and any other location where such disposa l is taking place . In carrying out  this
         obligation in accordance with the applicable law, System Owner shall Involve the relevant authorities
         as required (which may include the  National Environm ent Manage ment Authori ty, the Energy and
         Petroleum Regulatory Authority, Local Government Authorities and an y other Gov ernment Agencies
         responsible for such waste disposal activities. Customer will provide reasonable assistance to enable
         such waste management activities at decommissioning.
17.7          If the Facility is purchased by the Customer, the Customer shall assume all obligations with respect to
         the Facilities, including waste management upon any later decommissioning.

18       TAXES AND FEES
18.1     Ail sums payable under this Agreement shall be paid together with the addition of such Taxes or similar
         charges as are legally payable on those sums, if any.
18.2     Customer shall reimburse and pay all Value Added Tax, as well as any other fees or charges imposed
         or authorized by any Government Authority on purchase of goods and services, in connection with this
             Agreement, including those Taxes due on the sale of Solar Services to Customer (other than income
         taxes), on interconnection fees (pursuant to the term s of Clause 18.3 bel ow), and due in connection
            with the payment of the Early Termination Charge. System Owner shaii notify Customer in writing with
         a detaiied statemen t of such amounts, which shall be invoiced by System Owner and payable by
         Customer.
18.3     Except as othenwise agreed in the Key Project Terms, Customer shall be responsible for all third-party
              costs, fees or charges (including licence and permit charges) for connecting the Site to any applicable
         Utility distribution system (e.g. for net metering) including but not limited to fees associated with system
         upgrades and operation and maintenance carrying charges or any charges resulting from a Change in
         Law.
18.4     System Own er and Customer hereby ackn owledge and agree that       It Is the System Owne r who Is
         entitled to claim any capital allowances In respect of the Facilities for tax purposes in accordance with
         all prevailing laws.

19       TEMPORARY REMOVAL; RE-INSTALLATION

19.1     Temporary Removal;   To the extent that temporary disconnection or removal of the Facilities is
         necessary to perform alte rations or repairs to the Site, System Ow ner shall cons ider this a System
            Event and Energy Output will be calculated and charged to the Customer for the per iod of disruption
                as defined in ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT. System Owner or its sub-contractors shaii plan and
           perform any disconnection or removal works relating to the Facilities. System Owner shall be entitled
                to claim from the customer ali reasonable direct costs incurred in performing the removai or
         disconnection works.

20       FORCE MAJEURE

20.1          A Force Majeure Event means any circumstance or event which is beyond the reasonable control of
           the relevant Party to the extent that such circum stance or event, despite the exercis e of diligence,

                                                                                                        1; 13



                                                                                                          CONFIDENTIAL

            cannot be prevented or avoided by the affected Party Including, without limitation (a "Force Majeure
            Event"):
           (a)      acts of God, flood, drought, earthquake, class 3 and 4 cyclones or other natural disaster;
           (b)      epidemic or pandemic;
           (c)      terrorist attack, civil war, civil commotion or riots, war, threat of or preparation for war, armed
                    conflict. Imposition of sanctions, embargo, or breaking off of diplomatic relations;
           (d)      nuclear, chemical or biological contamination or sonic boom;
            (e)     any law or any action (or inaction) taken by a Govemment Authority, Including without limitation
                    Imposing an export or Imp ort restriction, quota or prohibitio n, or falling to grant a necessary
                    licence or consen t; upon reasonable and customary terms or at all, or any adver se action or
                    inaction by a Govemment Authori ty beyond what could   reasonably be expected as            of the
                    Effective Date;
            (f)     collapse of buildings, fire, explosion or accident; and
            (g)     any labour or trade dispute, strikes. Industrial action or lockouts.
  20.2     Effect of Force Majeure Event:
            (a)     Provided It has complied with Clause 20.3, If a Party Is prevented, hindered or delayed In or
                    from performing any of Its obligati ons under this agre ement by a Force Majeure Event (the
                    "Affected Party"), the Affected Party shall not be In breach of this Agreement or othenvlse liable
                    for any such failure or delay In the performance of such obligations. The time for performance
                    of such obligations shall be extended for the duration of such Force Majeure Event.
           (b)      Any delays in or failure of performance by an Affected Party, other than the obligations to pay
                    monies hereunde r for last Invoice before force mejour event, shall not       constitute a default
                    hereunder If and to the ext ent such d elays or fai lures of performance are caused by a Force
20.3                Majeure Event.
          Noïice of Forca Majaura Fvent. The Affecied P'ariy sha.
20.3       Notice of Force Majeure Event. The Affected Party shall:
          (8)              soon as reasonably practicable after the start of the Force Majeure Event, but   later than
           (a)      as                                                                                      no
                    fifteen (15) days from Its start, notify the other Parties In writing of the Force Majeure Event, the
                    date on which It started. Its likely or potential duration, and the effect of the Force Majeure Event
          (b)       on Its ability to perform any of Its obligations under this Agreement; and,
           (b)      use all reasonable endeavo urs to mitigate the effect of the Force Majeure Event            on the
20.4                performance of Its obligations.
          In ihe sveni of loss, darrage, dostricion, or simi'ar occurrence to any or all of ihs Faciliies dug to ?
20.4        In the event of loss, damage, destruction, or similar occurrence to any or all of the Facilities due to a
           Force Majeure Event, Customer agrees to co-operate with System Owner In order for System Owner
           to repair or replace the Facilities In  a timely manner. During this period. Customer will remain
           responsible for payments for any part of the Solar Services actually delivered in accordance with this
           Agreement. Force Majeur e shall not Includ e reduced demand for, or          an Inability to pay for. Solar
  20.5      Services.
  20.5     Extension of Terrn:
           Extension of Term:
           (a)      To the extent that circumstances referred under Clause 20.1 have affected the capability of the
                    Facilities to produce Energy Output, the Term of this agreement shall be extended as
          (b)       determined under Clause 20.5(b) below.
            (b)     System Owner   shall calcula te and notify Custom er of the extended Term (the          "Extended
                    Term"). The Extended Term shall be calculated so as to ensure that the Facilities are expected
                    to make available to the Client (as close as reasonably possible) the same amount of power,
                    as would have been produced, without the effect of the Force Majeure Event from the date at
                    which the Facilities are again operating normally. The period of extension shall be calculated
20.6                by taking Into account any partial production of power during such period.
20.6       Extended Force Majeure:
           (a)      If the Force Majeure Event prevents, hinders or delays the Affected Party's performance of Its
                    obligations for a continu ous period of more t han three-hundred and sixty-five (365) days, the
                    Parties shall meet with a view to agre e on mitigating the ef fects thereof and at tempt In good
                    faith to negotiate amendments to this Agreement as are reasonably necessary to preserve the
                    economic value of this Agr eement to both Parties. If at the end of thirty (3 0) days, no fu rther
                    solution Is found betwee n the Parties, the Customer shall  have the right to purchase the
                    Facilities at the Early Termination Charge or a price mutually agreed upon between the Parties
                    plus any amounts accrued but unpaid hereunder. If the Parties are unable to agree upon such
                                                                                                               .
                                                                                                                    14



                                                                                   CONFIDENTIAL

                 amendments or sale within such thirty (30) day period, then System Owner shall have the right
                 to deliver a notice to Customer terminating this Agreement.

21       EVENTS OF DEFAULT

21.1     Svstem Owner Default: The occurrence of any of the events set forth below shall constitute a "System
         Owner Default" under this Agreement ("System Owner Default");
         (a)     System Owner becomes insolvent;
         (b)     After the Commercial Operation Date, System Owner fails to operate the Facilities for a period
                 of ninety (90) days which failure is not due to equipment failure, damage to the Facilities, act of
                 a Government Authority, act or omiss ion of Customer, or exercise of Syste m Owner's rights
                 under this Agreement, or a Force Majeure Event,    however System Owner      shall have         an
                 additional ninety (90) days following notice of such default from Customer to cure such default
                 or such longe r period as ma y be necessary if System Owner is diligently proceeding to cur e
                 such default; or
         (c)     System Owner sha ll have defaulted in its perfo rmance under an y other mater ial provision of
                 this Agreemen t and shall have failed to cure such default within thirty  (30) days      following
                 delivery to System Owne r of written notice from Cus tomer to cure such def ault, or if a     cure
                 cannot be effected within such thirty (30) day period, such period shall extend for a reasonable
                 period of time, but not to exceed a total of ninety (90) days, so long    as System Owner is
                 proceeding diligently to cure such default throughout such period.
21.2     Consequence of Default bv Svstem Owner: If    a System Owner Default             occurs and is continuing.
         Customer may in its sole and absolute discret ion, subjec t to the provisio ns of Applicable Law and
         provided that System Owner has been given a period of at least thirty (30) days to remedy any System
         Owner Default, terminate this Agreement.
21.3     If Customer terminates this Agr eement in accorda nce with Cla use 21.2 abo ve. System O wner shall
         have the right to remove the Facilities from the Site. Customer shall provide reasonable access to the
         Site and assistance in this regard. Costs of removal shall be borne by System Owner.
21.4     Customer Default: Customer will be in default under this Agreement if any one of the following occurs
         ("Customer Default"):
         (a)     Customer fails to pay System Owner undisputed amounts due and s uch failure continues for
                 five (5) Business Days from receipt of notice from System Owner of such amount being due;
         (b)     Customer becomes Insolvent; or
         (c)     Customer fails to cure any material breac h, other than those breache s covered in Clauses
                 21.4(a) and 21.4(b) above, under its obligations arising out of this Agreement within thirty (30)
                 days after written notice was given by System Owner. If a cure cannot be effected within such
                 thirty (30) day period, such period shail extend for a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed
                 a total of ninety (90) days, so long as the Customer is proceeding diligently to cure such default
                 throughout such period.
21.5     Remedv available to Svstem Ow ner: Upon a Custo mer Default, System Owner ma y at its sole and
         absolute discretion subject to fifteen (15) days' notice (provided such notice shall not be required in the
         case of Clauses 21.1(a) and 21.1(b) above) and the mandatory provisions of any legislation which may
         be applicable to this transaction, and without prejudice to any rights it may have under Applicable Law,
         take one or more of the following actions:
         (a)     Suspend its requirements to perform its obligations under this          Agreement and disconne ct,
                 tumoff, sell, or take possession of the Facilities;
         (b)     Proceed with action to enforce performance of this Agreement and to recover damages due to
                 Customer's breach; or
         (c)     Terminate this Agreement, retain all payments already made in terms of this Agreement by or
                 on behalf of Customer and claim from Customer the Early Termination Charge in addition to all
                 arrear Payments and other amounts due in terms of this Agreement, including default interest
                 (as set forth in this Agreement) calculated from date of default by Customer.

22       DAMAGE TO FACILITIES; INSURANCE; INDEMNIFICATION
22.1     System Owner's Obligations: If the Facilities are materially damaged or destroyed, or suffer any other
         material loss or conde mned, confiscated or oth envise taken, in who le or in material pa rt, or the use
         thereof is othenvise diminished so as to render impracticable or unreasonable the continued production
         of Energy Output, then to the extent there are sufficient insurance proceeds availabie to System Owner

                                                                                                           '5 15



                                                                                        CONFIDENTIAL

                and the terms of System Owner's financing documents so permit, System Owner shall either cause the
             Facilities to be rebuilt and placed in Comm ercial Operation at the earlies t practical date or develop
          materially identica l Facilities on the proximat e area of the License Are a and placed in Commercial
          Operation as soon as commercialiy practicable.
22.2           If the Customer's Site is damaged or destroyed by casualty of any kind or any other occurrence other
              than to the extent due to System Ow ner's gross ne gligence or wilful misc onduct, Facility, and su ch
          occurrence or any repair work materially affects or      prevents the operation of the Facilities and/or
          Customer's ability to accept the Energy Output produced by the Facilities is  materially affected or
          prevented, this shall be consider ed a System Even t and Customer may (i)     pay for the repair and
           restoration of the Site to its pre-existing condition, and for lost revenue during the damage and including
                   Energy Output for the damage and repair period determined on the basis of ANNEXURE E: ENERGY
               OUTPUT or (ii) pay the Early Termination Charge and all other amounts previously accrued but unpaid
          under this Agreement and thereupon terminate this Agreement.
22.3          System Owner will obtain and maintain, at its own expense, the insurance coverage set forth for it in
               the Key Project Terms with a solvent and reputable insurance company ("Insurance Cover"), including
              but not limited to: commercial public liability insurance, and adequate property loss insurance on the
         Facility.
22.4     Customer shall obtai n and maintai n, at its own expense, the Insu rance Cover set forth for it in this
          Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, Customer's Insuranc e Cover need        not cover damage to the
         Facilities.
22.5          Subject to the provisi ons of Clause 23 belo w. System Owner is liable for and ind emnifies and holds
               Customer harmless against all and any loss, damage and death arising from or in connection with the
               operation of the Facilities by System Owner, save to the extent such loss was caused by the actions,
              omissions or results of the Custom er or its personnel, emplo yees, third parties or sub-contra ctors
                 appointed by Customer and/or movable and Immovable property of Customer at the Site. Customer is
                liable for and ind emnifies and holds S ystem Owner harmless against all and any loss, da mage and
              death arising from or in connection with the operation of the C ustomer's faciiities by Customer, save
              where such ioss was caused by the actions, omissions or results of the System Owner or its personnel,
         employees, third parties or sub-contractors  appointed by    System Owner and/or movable and
         Immovable property of System Owner at the Site.
22.6     The Parties shall furnish each other with          proof of adequate Insuran ce Cover accordin g to Clause
             8.3(a)(i) and shall ensure coverage remains in full force and effect throughout the Term either through
                Insurance policies or acceptable self-insured retentions . Each Party's insurance policy provided
               hereunder shall contain a provision whereby the relevant insurance company agrees to give the other
         Party thirty (30) days' written notice before the insurance is cancelled or materially altered.
22.7          Each Party shall indem nify, defen d and hold the other Party and its employee s, directors, officers,
              managers, members, shareholders and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, iiabiiities,
              actions, demands, judgments, losses, costs, expenses, suits, actions, or damages arising by reason of
               property damage and personal injury and bodily injury (inciuding death, sickness and disease) or any
         environmental damage to the extent caused by the indemnifying Party's:
         (a)      material breach of any obligation, representation or warranty contained herein and/or
         (b)      gross negligence or wilful misconduct in performance of its duties under this Agreement.

23       LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

23.1     Notwithstanding any other provisio n in this Agreem ent, and except to the   extent in cases of gross
             negligence or wilful misconduct, a Party's max imum liability to the o ther Party under this A greement
               shall be limited to the agg regate Estimated Remaining Payments as of the date of the ev ents giving
         rise to such iiability, provid ed, however, the limits of liability under this Clause shall not apply with
           respect to (i) indemnity obl igations hereunder in respect of person al injury, (ii) any obl igation to pay
                Early Termination Charge or other payments expressly contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) any
         obligation to remove or restore the Facilities as provided herein.
23.2        The liability of either Party arising out of or in connection with a default under this Agreement shall be
           limited to direct , actual dama ges only. Neither Party , nor their respec tive officers, directors, agents,
            employees, parent entity, lenders, subsidiaries, or affiliates shall be liable or responsible to the other
          Party or its parent entities, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, employees, successors or
             assigns, or their respectiv e insurers, for incidental, exemplar y, punitive, indirect or consequential
                    damages of any nature, connected with or resulting from performance or non-performance of
         obligations pursuant   to this Agreement, Including, without limitation, claims in the nature of      lost
         revenues, income or    profits (other than payme nts expressl y required and       properly due under this

                                                                                                                 16



                                                                                      CONFIDENTIAL

          Agreement).

24        REPRESENTATION & WARRANTIES

24.1      Warranties: Each Party warrants to the other that:
          (a)     it is legaiiy estabiished to do business in its respective country of incorporation.
          (b)     the execution and performance of this Agreement is duiy authorized as required by its enabling
                  authority or its by-laws, and does not conflict with any law, rules, regulations or requirements
                  affecting or binding that Party;
          (c)     there is no legal or administrative action pending that prohibits or impairs the Party from
                  performing under this Agreement or might materially and adversely affect the Party's ability to
                  perform its obligations under this Agreement;
          (d)     this Agreement constitutes a valid, legal and binding obligation of the Party in accordance with
                  the terms hereof; and
          (e)     the execution, delivery and performance by the Party of this Agreement will not contravene any
                  provision of, or constitute a material default under, any other agreement or instrument to which
                  it is a party or by which it is bound.
24.2      Representations: The respective Party represents to the other as follows:
          (a)     Each Party is a legal entity duly incorporated or organized, validly existing, and in good standing
                  under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized and has the corporate
                  power to own its assets and transact the businesses in which it is currently engaged. Customer
                  is duiy qualified  to do business, and is in good standing i n each country in which such
                  qualification is required.
          (b)     There is no claim, or any litigation, proceeding, arbitration, investigation, or material controversy
                  pending, to which Customer is a party, which, if adversely decided, could have an adverse effect
                  on any Agreement.
          (c)     Each Party has all requisi te power and authori ty to make, exec ute, deliver, and perform this
                  Agreement and to perform ail of the transactions contemplated to be performed by it hereunder
                  and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery, and
                  performance of this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes, and each of the other documents
                  contemplated hereunder, upon execution and deliver y of, will constitute the le gal, valid, and
                  binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

 25       CHANGE IN LAW

 25.1     If any Change in Law occu rs that has a material adverse effect on the revenue of System Owner or
          cost to System Owner of performing its obligations under this Agreement, then the Parties shall, within
          thirty (30) days following receipt by the Customer from the System Owner of notice of such Change in
          Law, meet and attem pt in good faith to ne gotiate amendments to th is Agreement as are re asonably
          necessary to mutually preserve the economic value of this Agreement to both Parties. If the Parties are
          unable to agree upon such amendments, the Customer shall have the right to purchase the Facilities
          at the Early Termination Charge or a price mutually agreed upon between the Parties, if the Parties are
          unable to agree upon such amendments or sale within such thirty (30) day period, then System Owner
          shall have the right to deliver a notice to Customer terminating this Agreement and within fifteen (15)
          days of receipt of such notice. Customer shall pay the Early Termination Charge to System Owner upon
          which System Owner sha ll transfer the Facil ities to Custom er without further liabilit y to either Party
          except with respect to payment of amounts accrued prior to such termination.

26        DISPUTE RESOLUTION

26.1      Save as otherwise specifically provided in these General Conditions, any Dispute between the Parties
          in regards to the interpretation of, the effect of, the Parties' respective rights and obligations under, or
          any matter arising out of  this Agreem ent or these Gene ral Conditio ns shall be referred in the first
          instance to the respect ive chief executive officers (or their Des ignated Representative) of Custo mer
          and System Owner, who shall meet as soon as possible after referral of the Dispute to them and shall
          use their bona fide best efforts to resolve the Dispute in an amicable and expeditious manner.
26.2      in the event that the said chief executive officers (or their respective Designated Representatives, as
          the case may be) shall fail, for wha tever reason, to resolve the Dispute by no t later than twenty (20)
          Business Days after the Disp ute has been referr ed to them, either Party shall be entitl   ed to initiate
         Dispute resolutions described in Clause 18, 26.3 or 26.4 below as applicable.

                                                                                                        17



                                                                                       CONFIDENTIAL

 26.3       Any Dispute with respect to (I) ttie proper computation of any amounts payable to or by Customer under
            this Agreem ent, or (ii) any other matter as to    which this Agreem ent expressi y provides for Expert
            Dispute resoiution shaii be exciusiveiy resoived in accordance with this ciause 26.3.
            (a)     Either Party may com mence the expert resolutio n process by provid ing notice to the other
                    Party. System Owner shaii provide Customer with a list of three qualified candidates to be the
                    expert within ten (10)   days of such notice, and Customer shaii respond to System Owner
                    indicating its selection of one of the candidates as the expert within fifteen (15) days after receipt
                    of such list. If Customer does not select one o f such candidates within such peri od. System
                    Owner shall select one of them as the expert. To be a "qualified candidate" the expert shall (i)
                    not have any conflict of interest with either Party and (ii) have at least ten (10) years' experience
                         in the area of expertise on which the Dispute is based. The selected expert shaii execute an
                    agreement     reasonably   satisfactory to System    Owner   and  Customer   to maintain      the
                       confidentiality of any information provided to it by the Parties and not to use such information
                    for any purpose other than resoiution of the Dispute.
            (b)     Each Party may make written statements and provide supporting materials to the expert, which
                    must be delivered concurr ently to the other Party.   The other Party may respond to         such
                    submissions. The Parties shaii make available to the expert ail books and records relating to
                       the issues in Dispute and shaii provide the expert with any information or assistance reasonably
                    requested by the expert. The expert shall establish a timetable for the making of submissions
                    and replies, and notify the Parties in writing of its decision within thirty (30) days after the date
                    on which the expert has been selected (or such other period as the Parties may agree).
            (c)     Each Party shaii submit its proposed resolutio n of the Dispute to        the expert (with a copy
                    provided concurrently to the other Pa rty), and the ex pert shall decide in favour of one of the
                    Parties' positions, and may not make any determin         ation other than by choosing one of the
                    proposals presented by the Parties. The expert's determination shall be based on the principles
                    in this Agreement, including the requirement that the Facilities be constructed, operated and
                        maintained in accordance with the requirements herein. The expert's authority shaii be limited
                        to deciding the specific issue presented to it, an d shall have no authority to award damages,
                    issue orders or take any other action whatsoever. The deci sion of the expert shaii be final and
                    binding upon the Partie s and shaii not be capable of appe   al or other challeng e, whether by
 25.4               arbitration or otherwise, except for manifest error or fraud.
         Failing amicable :csoludon of a Discu'e (other than an Experi Dispuis) and aiier hsv'ng exhsusled (ne
 26.4          Failing amicable resoiution of a Dispute (other than an Expert Dispute) and after having exhausted the
           procedure set out in Ciause 26.1 above   shall be   referred to and finally resolved        by arbitration
            administered by the LCIA under the mies of the London Court of international Arbitration, which mies
            are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Clause 26.4.
         (a)        There shall be one arbitrator.
           (a)
         (b)       The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shaii be London.
 -         (b)
           (c)     The language to be used in the arbitral proceeding shall be English.
         (c)       The decisio n of the arbitrato r shall be final and binding on the Parties to    arbitration. A
           (d)                                                                                   the
                   decision, which becomes final and binding, may be made an order of court at the instance of
25.5               any Party to the arbitration.                          from                           court
 26.5      Nothing herein contained shall prevent or prohibit any Party          applying to the appropriate      for
26.3       interim relief.                   26 (Dispute Resoiution)        severable              other
 26.6      The provisions of this Ciause                       shaii be                   from every  part of this
           Agreement and sha ll survive th e termina tion or cance llation for whatever reason of this Agr eement,
           notwithstanding that the rest of this Agreement may be void or voidable.
          33AMNT UT
 i:        G P SO. AN
 27        GOVERNING LAW
27.1       This Agreemeri and any Disputo, shrll ho govered by a.c construed in accorcance wih the alws of
 27.1      This Agreement and any Dispute, shall be govemed by and constmed in accordance with the laws of
           England and Wales.
           MTDETATP- JEOMTE.
 2:1      CONLD N'WJY OF IMLBA!O
 28        CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION
 28.1              Excep; whare othoiwise agreed in w tiny o" as raquired under Ayplicable I aw, och Pa.riv agroes to
 28.1      Except where otherwise agreed in writing or as required under Applicable Law, each Party agrees to
           keep confidential and not disclose to any person (except to its employees, officers, partners, advisors,
           lenders or directors who are engaged in the implementation, financing and execution of the transactions
           referred to in this Agreemen t, and then only to the extent necess ary to      carry out    its duties and
           obligations under this Agreement) ail Confidential information, that the Party may receive from the other
           contracting Party or from any other source, relating to this Agreement and matters which are subject to
                                                                                                                    '
                                                                                                                   18



                                                                                                     CONFIDENTIAL

         the terms of this Agreement and will use, or cause to be used, such information solely for the purposes
         of the performance of the Parties obligations under the terms of this Agreement.

29       MISCELLANEOUS

29.1     Where required by a Government Authority in Kenya, the System Owner reserves the right to have this
         Agreement stamped and      the Customer  agrees to not unreasonably      withhold any           required
         authorizations and support.
29.2     This Agreement may not be ame nded except by a written a greement executed by the Par ties.          Any
         attempted amendment in violation of this Clause will be void ab in itio. No indulgence which a Party
         may grant to the other shall constitute a waiver of any of the rights of the other Party. No waiver of any
         rights hereunder shall be binding unless such waiver is in writing.
29.3     if any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction,
         the other provisions of this Agreeme nt will remain in full force and    effect.  Any provision of  this
         Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the
         extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
29.4     This Agreement constitutes a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of the agreement between
         the parties with respec t to the subject matte r containe d herein and therein and supers ede all prior
         agreements between the Parties.
                                                  END

IS 19



                                                                            CONFIDENTIAL

                              PART III: ANNEXURES

                              ANNEXURE A: DEFINITIONS

"Additional Term" is defined In Clause 4.2.
"Agreed ExchangeRate" means the prevailing KSH selling rate for US$ as published at 12;00pm by the Central
Bank of Kenya plus 1% on the relevant date or on the Immediately preceding Business Day If the relevant date
Is not a Busin ess Day, or, If such rate c eases to be p ublished, any rat e performing an equivalent function In
Kenya as agreed by the Parties acting In good faith.
"Applicable Law" means all    applicable laws of any Government Authority In             the Country of Operation,
Including, without limitation, regulations, judgments. Injunctio ns, writs and orders or like actions of any
Government Authority and rules and regulations of any regional, province, county, municipal or other
Government Authority.
"Approvals" means any app roval, consent, license, permit, authorisation or other perm ission granted by a
Govemment Authority.
"Business Day" meansany day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a national public holiday in the Country of
Operation specified In the Key Project Terms.
                 means     adoption, promulgation,   modification, after     Date,   any Applicable
"Change In Law"      the                             or                      the Effective   of
Law or the application thereof, or of any legal requirement, material condition or any restriction In connection
with any Approval that establishes requirements that are materially more onerous than the requirement In effect
as of the date of this Agreement or which has a material cumulative effect over the duration of this Agreement.
                           : "g" shall msan any sas, axcharja cr cther transisr (in ons 'ransecilon er > ssrigs of
"Change m Ownorshij:    shall mean any sale, exc hange or other trans fer (In on e transaction or a series of
"Change in Ownership"
related transactions) of the Site to any other person or entity, unless Immediately following such sale, exchange
or other transfer the Site Is owned, directly or indirectly, by Customer.
", a,:'s 5.s : ior : as" is deined in Clause 9 1
"Con:nc'ci.i! (.por.it" D.!.. Is defined In Clause 9.1.
"Commerciai Operation Date"
       ":r - l?'  ;ad'mears the Facilides have been insial'ed. tosiod and shown capable of oporat:ng in a reliable
"Co 'n asiul'e.:" means the Facilities have been Installed, tested and shown capable of operating In a reliable
"Commissioned"
and continuous manner for its Intended purpose of producing electricity.
              '. n. : ::" n :i ic .:" shal: mean all iniomution and maianals disclosad. provided or other-ise mads
Contidon:al I"tor'r t1-)n  shall mean all info rmation and mate rials disclosed, provided or othe nvlse made
"Confidential Information"
accessible to Customer In the cours e of quoting or tenderi ng for and exe cuting the works. Including, but not
limited to, the policies, services, proces ses, procedu res, methods , formulations, facilities, products , plans,
affairs, transactions, organisations, business connections, clients of System Owner and all Information relating
to System Owner of a confidential nature but excludes Information that Customer can prove was In the public
domain at the date of this Agreem ent, subsequent to the date of this Agree ment, became part of the public
domain otherwise than as a result of disclosu re by Custom er or personn el directly or In directly In breach of
these General Conditions or this Agreement, or was iawfully in Its possession at the time of disclosure by System
Owner to Customer;
"':roirus'io. [-rs'gn : a?" mears the fox'sib lity st.dic.s and documoniation supporting ihe sie spacific
Cor? q: S means the feasibility studies and                 documentation supporting the             site-specific
"Construction Design Set"
design of the Facility, Including but not limited to Expected Energy Output.
"Cu:tild Opr.r::"
"Curtaiied Operation" Is defined In ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.
"Default Rate" Is defined In ANNEXURE C: PRICING AND PAYMENT TERMS.
"Drw:y t'o1 means one or more e nergy connection polnt(s) where Energy Output Is made a vailable to
"Delivery Point"
Customer, as marked In ANNEXURE B: SITE & AREA LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS.
            .
   "Dispute" means any controversy or claim arising out of or In connection with this Agreement Including, without
limitation, any dispute arising out of or in connection with its formation. Interpretation, validity, performance, or
termination (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
Lay :4m.4m -1g;j.
"Early Termination Charge"    means the      amount  agreed and          stipulated In ANNEXURE F: EARLY
TERMINATION CHARG E which represe nts a reasonable estim ate of the loss of            revenue from the sale or
utilization of Energ y Output, En vironmental Attributes, or other at tributes of commer cial value to the Sys tem
Owner.
"Effective Date" Is the date defined In the Introduction to this Agreement.
"Energy Output" is defined in ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.

20
20



                                                                                                 CONFIDENTIAL

        "Environmental Attributes" means the char acteristics of Energy Output produced by the Facility that have
      Intrinsic value, separate and apart from the Energy Output, arising from the perceived environmental benefits
 of the Facilities Energy Output, Including but not limited to all environmental and other attributes that differentiate
     the Facilities or the Energy Output from energy generated by fossil-fuel based generation units, characteristics
     of the Facility that may result in the avoidance of environmental impacts or the compliance of the Facilities or
        the Energy Output with the law, rules and standards of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
     Change, the Kyoto Protocol or any other country, regional or global successor programs involving transferability
of Environmental Attributes.
          "Estimated Remaining Payments" means the Payments remaining in fulfilment of this Agreement, as of any
       date, to be made through the end of the then applicable Term (without escalation), as reasonably determined
and supported by System Owner.
           "Expected Energy Output" means the estimated electricity production of the Facility as specified in
ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.
"Extended Term" has the meaning given to it in Clause 20.5.
      "Facility" or "Facilities" means a so lar electric power generation system including equipment, solar panels,
      mounting substrates, support structure, protection, power inverters, controls, meters and metering equipment,
switches, connectio ns, conduit, wiring and  connections, service equipment. Utility intercon nections (where
     applicable) and all related equipment installed pursuant to this Agreement as a removable, temporary fixture at
   the Site. The Faciliti es include all sup port structures and pane lling erected for the purpose of fixing pan els,
inverters, and other equipme nt as applicable such        as generator equipme nt or energy storage equipment
installed per this Agreement.
                        de
"Financing Parties" is  fined in Clause 16.2.
"Force Majeure Event" has themeaning given to It in Clause 21.1.
          "FX Loss/Gain" means the am ount (calculated in US$, and then converted to KSH at the Agr eed Exchange
       Rate as of the relevant payment date) which is the difference between the US$ value of the relevant overdue
        amount at the relevant due date and at the payment date, in each case converted at the Applicable Exchange
Rate as of such date.
            "Government Authority" means the national, local, provincial or county Government, any ministry or
      department thereof, any government owned or controlled agency, and any other authority including any regional,
 county and local authorities and any courts in the Country of Operation.
"Guarantee Period" means an Operating Year.
          "Independent Structural Assessment" Structural assessment carried out on the Customer's building by an
independent structural engineer engaged by the System Owner. The         objective of   this assessment is to
   determine the ability of the Customer's roof(s) and bullding(s) to accept the additional structural loading implied
    by the installation of the solar Facility. The structural engineer will prepare a report of this assessment based
       on the releva nt Industry standards, and will recomm end whether structural reinforcements are required. The
         report will be shared with the Customer and the System Owner for review and comment. The detailed design
   and installation of the structural reinforcements (if any are required) will be undertaken by a structural engineer
and contractor respectively, to be engaged by the Customer, under a separate contracting arrangement.
     "Insolvent" means where a Party; ceases to exist; enters administration or is the subject of an application for
   administration filed at any court or a notice of intention to appoint an administrator given by any person filed at
    any court; has a receiver or a provisional liquidator appointed over any of its assets, undertaking or income; is
    subject to an application to or order or notice issued by a court or other authority of competent jurisdiction for
   its winding up or striking off; is the subject of anything analogous to the foregoing under the laws of anapplicable
   jurisdiction; is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or proposes or passes a resolution for its winding up or
   in the case of a limited liability partnership proposes or determines that it will be wound up (save for the purpose
           of a solvent reconstruction or amalgamation); proposes, makes or is subject to, a company voluntary
      arrangement or a composit ion with Its credito rs generally, or makes an applicatio n to a court of competent
     jurisdiction for protection from its creditors generally or commences with business rescue proceedings aimed to
   facilitate the rehabilitation of a its respective company that is financially distressed, provided that, in case any
proceedings referred to herein are brought against it by a third party,  such proceedin gs have not been
terminated, stayed, or dismissed within sixty (60) days after they were commenced;
"Insurance Cover" means the insura nce required in respe ct of Custome r and System O wner as set out in
Clause 22.
 "Key Project Terms means the defined listed variables, specific terms and amendments as set out under Part
                   "
I of thisAgreement.

                                                                                                     21



                                                                                                       CONFIDENTIAL

 "Kenyan Shilli ng" o r "KES , KSH" m eans the Kenya n Shilling or th e equ ivalent of the la wfully pr evailing
 currency of Kenya.
 "kW" means kilowatt.
 "kWh" means kilowatt hour alternating current (AC).
 "kWp" means the namepiate kilowatt rated peak installed capacity (DC).
 "License" meansa light of use and access at the Site for the sole purposes of installing, maintaining, repairing,
 removing and operating the Facilities.
 "License Area" means the area predetermined for the purpose of Installing, maintaining, operating, repairing
                             and removing the Facilities as demarcated In ANNEXURE B: SITE & AREA LAYOUT AND DESIGN
 DRAWINGS.
 "Liens" is defined In Clause 15.2.
 "Metering Point" are polnt(s) at which Energy Output Is metered as marked in ANNEXURE B: SITE & AREA
 LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS.
 "Normal Operation" Is defined In ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.
 3.              means successive periods of one year beginning on the first day of the month Immediately
 "Operating Year"
 following the Commercial Operation Date.
 "Payment" means the payments due for the Solar Services as set out In Key Project Terms.
"Pur,n,l " Dite " means the date on which the Purchase Price Is paid.
 "Purchase Date"
 "Purchdne Pricc   Is defined In Clause 17.1.
 "Purchase Price"
 Ro'Iuicu Fnnrgy Outul
                     ": "is dai'nad in ANNeXUR: I: FNERCY OUTPUT.
 "Required Energy Output" is defined in ANNEXURE E; ENERGY OUTPUT.
 Shoirall Payinent" is deined M ANNFXURE C: EN: RGY OUTPJT.
 "Shortfall Payment" Isdefined in ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.
 "Site(s)" means Customer premises described In Key Project Terms.
 "Sular Srrvicos"
                        . ;'" means providing thc uss and bencii of Chs Facilies a':d ine provision ci -nairianence
 "Solar Services" means providing the use    and benefit of the Facilities and the         provision of maintenance
 services to generate Energy Output for Customer's own consumption.
               .  " T. -."" means being any Deriod duing; -rhich Cusionor s unablo io iake delvery or coes noi tako
 "System Ever1"  means being any period during which Customer Is unable to take delivery or does not take
 "System Event"
 delivery of available Energy Output that Is not a result of an act or omission of System Owner.
 :" means ary and a present fuiure iaxas, lowy, impost. premum, duty or oiher charga o. a similar naiurc
"Titus    means any and all present future taxes, levy. Impost, premium, duty or other charge of a similar nature,
 "Taxes"
 including without limitation, gross receipts, sales, tum-over, value added, use consumption, property. Income,
 franchise, capital, occupational, license, excise and documentary stamps taxes, and customs and other duties,
 assessments, or fees, however Imposed, withheld, levied, or assessed by any country or govemment
 subdivision thereof or any other taxing authority together with Interest thereon and penalties In respect thereof.
 Io
 "Term" has the meaning given to It In Clause 4.
                 sn
 "US$" or "$" or USD means the United States Dollar or the equivalent of the lawfully prevailing currency of the
 United States of America.
 :"; " merns ihe elecincity disinbuticn company :"ensed io transmil. disiribuie and retail alociririty to
 Uti't    means the electricity distributio n company licensed to  transmit, distribute and  retail electricit y to
"Utility"
 customers In and around the Site.

22
22



CONFIDENTIAL

                    ANNEXURE B: SITE & AREA LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS

Reference to the following is made:
(A) Site Addr ess:  r27'4.02'S 36°5a'33.16'E
(B) Legal Des cription of Property: Fertiliser Plant
(C) Access Points (access rights) A
(D) License Area marked out I      I
 (E) Met ering Point(s): B
 (F) Deliv ery Point: B                        confirmed
 (G) Customer provided Storage Area: To be               by Site Director post procurement

Line 2
LV
Workshop Garage    Board,
                   Delivery
                   Point

NPK Building     Line 1 LV
                 Board,
                 Delivery
                 Point

Figure I.Ske Layout

23



  CONFIDENTIAL

  ItKV'JVV
  T)(.|S,B$r»TION

TRANSFORMER
3.3/0.400KV

DGINCOMIIG

n
<  »2n  J

/   5  S y J
1
X/  1  ^  is  Is
1  y  Jy rj^y
V  /
wy  mm  1 /  mm1  11  !! j
1i  1 i  i  i!
ll  2   f|  2  N  I ?l
'  U  1 / -J  —y  JI ii

:  y «-j  / MM / mmy 'Mm/ mm/   y  y y

!  y  s  0  0
5  ^  w  I
i  i  i  ^  ^  i  i  S  a  415V Interconnection
i  point to t>e supplied
by the dlent

Flgum 2. Interconnection Point 1

  24



CONFIDENTIAL

FROM 66KV/3.3KV
TX-2 SUBSTATION

TRANSFORMER
3.3/O.4C0KV

06 INCOMING

X  *  X
X DAMP  SOGAMP    X

C  A

GAMPX    X  X

A  A                             415V
A                                Interconnection
                                 point to be
                                 supplied by the
        5                        client
Figure 3. Interconnection Point 2

Agreed design details:

 Expected solar capacity (kWp)            993.60
 Minimum solar capacity (kWp)             800.0
 Interconnection voltage (V)              415
 Mounting location                        NPK, Mini9 & New Workstiop Garage
 Maximum solar area (m^)                  ~6,000Sqm

Final design drawings will be submitted to the Customer for review during the final design stage for acceptance.
This Annexure will be updated to reflect the final Construction Design Set, reflecting the as-built design of the
Facility at the Commercial Operation Date.

25



                                                                      CONFIDENTIAL

                               ANNEXURE C: PRICING AND PAYMENT TERMS

1.  Pricing

Payment     =    Solar Tariff  X Energy Output

Where;

 Payment            Monthly payment due to System Owner for Energy Output, which shall be
                    calculated into either (at the Customer's option):
                               -  KSH value on a monthly basis at the Agreed Exchange Rate; or
                                  USD value on a monthly basis with no need for conversion,
                    either calculation to be made as of the date Energy Output for the relevant month
                    is invoiced.
 Solar Tariff       0.0654 USD per kilowatt-hour for the first Operating Year of the Agreement and
                    which will escalate by 1% at the beginning of the second Operating Year and
                    each anniversary thereof.
 Energy Output   =  Defined in ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT.

2.  Payment Terms

   Payment is due ea ch month, within 30 calendar days of receipt by the C ustomer of the rel evant invoice from
    System Owner. If System Owner has not received the Payment by such due date, the Customer shall in addition
     pay to the Sys tem Owner interest at the Secur ed Ovemight Finance Rate + two (2%) per centage points per
  annum (the "Default Rate") on a pro-rata basis from the due date until the date the Payment is actually received
      by the System Owner and shall also indemnify the System Owner for any FX Loss/Gain the System Owner may
    incur due to the Agreed Exchange Rate on the date payment is actually received being less favourable to the
System Owne r than the Agreed Exchange Rate on the Overdue Date of    such payment . Should the FX
Loss/Gain be a negative amount beca use the Agreed Exchan ge Rate has become more favourab le, then
     System Owner shall credit the relevant amount to Customer against the amount due on the invoice following
receipt of the overdue amount.

  If a bona fide dispute arises with respect to any invoice. Customer shall pay all undisputed amounts and shall,
prior to the due date under the relevant invoice, provide a reasonably detailed explanation of its objections to
  the relevant invoice, together with relevant documentation, if any, following which Customer shall not be deemed
 in default under this Agreement and the Parties shall not suspend the performance of their respective obligations
       hereunder, including payment of undisputed amounts owed hereunder. Any query conceming a disputed sum
  that remains unresolved by the Parties for 30 days shall be resolved per the terms set forth in Clause 26. If an
      amount disputed by Customer is subsequently deemed to have been due pursuant to the app licable invoice,
    interest shall accrue at the Default Rate on such amount from the due date under such invoice until the date
payment is actually received by the System Owner, and the Customer shall in addition, pay the System Owner
    the corresponding FX Loss/Gain, if any. If an amount disputed by Customer is subsequently deemed to entitle
    the Customer to a refund of am ounts actually paid, interest shall accrue at the Default Rate on such amount
    from the date of the overpayment under such invoice until the date paid, and the System Owner shall pay the
Customer the FX Loss/Gain, if any.

3.  Customer Payment Security

If any Payment due under this Agreement is not paid by the due date, in addition to charging interest as stated
      above, the System Owner may request that the Customer provide an unconditional and irrevocable bank bond
in favour of the System Owner which: (i) is in the form agreed separately by the Parties; (ii) is maintained in full
force and effect until the expiry of the Agreement; and (iii) is in the amount representing approximateiy three (3)
months of Payments under this Agreement (the "Customer Payment Security").

26



L.                                                                               CONFIDENTIAL
If theCustomer falls to provide the Customer Payment Security within fifteen (15) days after the System Owner's
request, the System O wner shall Immediately be entitle d to suspen d provision of electric ity to the Custom er
until the Customer Payment Security Is provided. During any period of suspension: (I) the System Owner shall
not be liable for any da mages, costs or other consequences of the Cu stomer-caused suspension; and (II) for
each day where the System Owner Is not providing electricity, the Customer shall be liable to make a Deemed
Energy Payment to the System Owner.

In this annexure,"" means a payment to the System Owner where the dally rate Is:

Deemed Energy Payment = Previous Month's Payment (as Invoiced) / 30
Once the Customer Payment Security Is In place, where the Customer falls to make payment of any amount
hereunder within 30 days after the due date, the System Owner shall be entitled to draw on the Customer
Payment Security, following which Customer shall, within 5 business days after any such draw, procure that
such payment security be replenished so It again covers the full required amount.

27



 26    CONFIDENTIAL
       ANNEXURE D; CUSTOMER ENABLING WORKS

       Pre-Construction Works - Standard Enabling Works

        Description-
1.      Site Access - Ensureaccess for trucks with 40' containers to the iaydown area and to site.
        Offloading onsite -where possible and practical, Customer to assist with providing machinery and assistance for the
2.      unloading of containers onsite. The purpose of this Is to avoid the requirement of bringing extemal machinery onsite for
        the purpose of offloading.

3.     Laydown Area and Storage Room -allocation of a flat area with dimensions of at least 25m x 25m (Iaydown area) as
        well as a lockable storage room.

4.     Perimeter fencing and security provisions - 24/7 security services according to Industrial standards to assist in the
        prevention of theft during construction.
       Utility Services -provision of onsite utility services at a localized point at ground level as follows:
         •     Electricity; supply of power (single phase) where possible for construction purposes to power handheld
               power tools, mobile welders, laptops and any other appliances for construction purposes.

         •     internet: For remoteservice and event analysis reasons It Is mandatory to have a secure and stable Internet
               connection between the System Owner and the Control and Monitoring system according to the system
               requirements, in order to have this connection as simple and safe as possible the VPN IPsec technology Is
               used. This allows an encrypted communication realized via a VPN tunnel to guarantee a high secured data
               transfer. The tunnel ensures the transfer of necessary firmware updates, download event log files and
               providing of online support. As a requirement. It Is to be connected permanently to the Intemet.
               In case there Is a Customer firewall in place, the following settings have to be released to ensure the access
 5.            to the Fuel Saver Plant:   TBC
               - System Owner IP Address:
               - Destination Ports: 500 and 4500
               - Used Protocol: UDP
               - Minimum Bandwidth: 1MBIt
               - Volume: 2GB/month, a flat rate Is recommended
               - VPN: Passed through 4 IPSEC
               Additionally, It Is necessary to forward one public port to port 443 (protocol: TCP) to the IP-Address of the
               Solar Hybrid Controller in the Customer's network. This port-forward is used to troubleshoot the VPN
               connection using an encrypted http connection In case of an Interruption of the VPN tunnel.

        •      Water: provision of water for cleaning PV modules. The water requirement for module cleaning during
               operation Is -30 m3/MWp/yr.
       Staff Welfare Facilities: Where possible and practical. Customer to grant System Owner access to sanitary facilities
       and canteen services (fit for purpose) during scheduled work hours
       Temporary Office Space: Customer to provide lockable temporary office space to the System owner for the period of
       construction.
       Structural Reinforcement Works: Customer shall be responsible for maintaining the structural Integrity of the
       Customer's roof(s) and bulldlng(s) and their ability to accept the additional structural loading Implied by the Installation
       of the solar Facility, In accordance with the Independent StructuralAssessment. If works must be carried out to bring
       the structural Integrity of the roof(s) and bulldlngs(s) In line with the Independent Structural /Assessment, any such costs
       shall be discussed, and If the Parties elect to proceed, the System Owner shall be responsible to Incur such costs up to
       a cap of 5 Million Kenyan Shillings (Inci. of VAT). Any additional costs shall be Incurred by the System Owner on behalf
       of the Customer In the first Instance and then recovered from the Customer In three (3) equal Instalments Included in
       the first three (3) Invoices sent to the Customer for Energy Output delivered.
       Delivery Point (Interconnection Point): Customer to provide suitable two Delivery Polnt(s) for the PV system. The
       Customer is responsible for undertaking any and all modifications that may be required to the Customer's existing
       power distribution system to form the Delivery Polnt(s), If a suitable Delivery Point does not already exist. System
       Owner to design, supply and Install all Infrastructure leading up to the Delivery Polnt(s).

 28



CONFIDENTIAL

#  Description -
   The aoreed Deliverv Point for this oroiect is as foilows:
   1.  Two Deliverv Points at 415V Main LV Board for Line 1 &2

        The Customer shall orovide two Deliverv points for the Facilitv. The customer shall be liable for the modifications reouired
        to the Customer's existino oower distribution svstem to create the Deliverv Point.

        The detailed desion of the Deliverv Point shall be undertaken under a seoarate contract bv an electrical enaineer to tae
        enoaced directiv bv the Customer. The construction/installation works associated with creatina the Deliverv Point shall
        be undertaken under a seoarate contract bv an electrical contractor to be enoaoed directiv bv the Customer. Customer
        shall be responsible for the review and approval of these works and accepts liabilitv and responsibilitv for the works.

10.     Building permit; It is theduty of the owner of the building to obtain the building permit for the installation and operation
        of a solar PV system.

11.     Environmental Authorisation: The customer is responsible for obtaining any permits, licenses or authorizations
        required from the National Environment Management Authority (NEMA) to construct and operate the Facility.
        Interconnection Downtime: The Customer to make provision for downtime, System Owner to notify Customer 4
12.     weeks before connection is required. The Customer will arrange for their own staff to shut down the board and hand it
        over to the System Owner who will then make the modifications/connection. The Customer will then re-energise the
        board once it is handed back by the System Owner. Estimated downtime is 2-4 hours per day for 3 days.
        Design acceptance: Once the system is designed, post signature, the Customer is responsible to review and accept
13.     the Engineering and the Execution methodology prior to any purchase of equipment or installation. The Customer shall
        have 7 days from receipt of design documentation to review, if after 7 days no comments have been received the
        design will be considered accepted.

14.     Sharing of Health and Safety Standards: The Customer shall ensure that the System Owner is aware of the site-
        specific health and safety requirements and procedures.
        Solar Hybrid Controller: Customer to provide historical data or existing control philosophy of the Generator
15.     controlier(s) in order for the Contractor to pre-configure the hybrid controller if any is to be implemented as per the final
        system design. End user to provide access to busbar or utility mains for the Contractor to connect the CTs and the VT
        to the conductors as required.

16.     Sequence of Operation: Provide status of the existing control strategy and breaker status under the existing plant
        modes of operation.
        New Works: Customer is to ensure that no new works are carried out that present new obstacles or features that may
17.     interfere with the Facility at the areas allocated for the Facility, as indicated in ANNEXURE B: SITE & AREA
        LAYOUT AND DESIGN DRAWINGS.

18.     Existing underground services: Provide information and documents about any existing underground services (pipes,
        cables) around any cable trenches to be executed by the Contractor.
        Existing Earthing and Lightning Protection system: Customer is responsible for ensuring that the existing earthing
19.     and lightning protection system is adequate and in sufficient working order to protect the existing infrastructure without
        considering the installation of the Facility.

20.     Earthing and Lightning Study Approval: Customer to review and accept the earthing and lightning protection system
        considering any dependencies from the Facility on the existing earthing and lightning protection systems.
        Reactive Power Compensation: The Facility will supply power at unity power factor and will not (under normal
21.     operation) provide any reactive power compensation. Any reactive power compensation required will need to be
        accounted for by the Customer, including any upgrades required on the existing power factor correction systems to
        allow for the integration of the Facility.

      Permits and Licenses

1.      Environmental Authorisation (If applicable): Customer is responsible for obtaining any permits, licenses or
        authorizations required from NEMA to construct and operate the Facility (applicable for any Environmental
        Authorisations that must be in the name of the building owner).

2.      Building permit: It is theduty of the Customer as the owner of the building to obtain the building permit for installation
        and operation of a solar PV system (applicable for any building permits that must be in the name of the building owner).

3.      Compliant fire safety permit (if applicable): Where applicable Customer will revise its Fire Safety Permit to ensure
        compliance.

29



    1
    r    CONFIDENTIAL
    .*

          Works following Commercial Operation Date

           Description
           Switchboard Operations: Operations and maintenance of aii eiectricai infrastructure on the Customer's side of the
    1.     interconnection Point inciuding Generator Equipment, transformers, switchgear, AVR's, UPS and power factor
           correction equipment.
    2.     Building Repairs: Repair and maintenance of the existing building and roofing material as required.

  −

    pne s e ew Buo  DuD  b cin one nue Je ed 2"
                                                           : .; :4.edox hupjrg
    juwde ono
Jooa! s od pus Sd'n 's. /s seebps scu.lsu.u " cwdin .ocucs Supnpu urod oncuuoo
                                                                      Sec pqns
    e! o ep s, vr sl o enowsgu [oo [e o eou:uw p sondd :
                                                                           con
                                                        .

    s",

    COONIA
                                                         30



                                                                        CONFIDENTIAL
     ANNEXURE E: ENERGY OUTPUT

   1. Energy Output

The Customer has agreed to accept and pay for all electric energy delivered by the Facility ("Energy Output")
over the length of the Agreement. On an annual basis, the Customer also guarantees to the System Owner that
they shall consume or pay for the Minimum Offtake Guarantee.

The annual "Minimum Offtake Guarantee" shall be 1,105,980 kWh

System Owner shall maintain accessible records that can distin guish when the Facility Is operating normally
and Customer cons umes all of the Energy Ou tput withou t curtailment or the occurre nce of a System Event
("Normal Operation"), when the Facility is operating on a curtailed basis due to no or inadequate demand or
curtailment from the Customer ("Curtailed Operation"), and when the Facility is subject to a System Event.

On an annual basis. Energy Output will be calculated as set forth below.

If:

                   ^ fi'meteredco ^ Minimum Offtake Guarantee
Then:
                   z:  £metered(0
                   Energy Output =
Else:

      Energy Output = Min ^^^^meterediO  ^Avaiiabieix) i Minimum Offtake Guarantee

Where:

Energy Output     Energy delivered or available to be delivered in any given period (kWh).
                  Energy metered by the billing meter in kWh at the Delivery Point during Normal
^metered (0       Operation interval /.
                  Total number of intervals that the System is operating under Normal Operation
                  During the applicable year

'^AvaUable(x)     Available Energy in kWh calculated for interval x according to the Available Energy
                  Formula.

y                 Total number of Intervals that the system Is subject to a System Event or Curtailed
                  Operation during the applicable year

"' 31



CONFIDENTIAL

For monthly billing purposes, the monthly "Minimum Offtake Guarantee" shall be;

           Minimum Offtake Guarantee
                     (kWh)
January             109,414
February            103,455
      March         108,297
      April          93,177
        May          86,399
June                 78,429
July                 72,471
August               77,833
  September          88,708
October              95,560
   November          88,261
   December         103,977
     Annual        1,105,980

On a monthly basis, Energy Output will be calculated as set forth below.
If:

Then:                  ^ £'metered(o ^ Monthly Minimum Off take Guarantee
Then:

 EIso:                           Energy Output =
 Else:

   Energy Cutpui =                          Ejf„aiiabte(x) ">
 Energy Output - Min   ^^^meteredCO + ^                     Monthly Minimum Offtake Guarantee

Where:
Where:
Energy Ouput     =     Ensrgy caliveisd or availabla to be dolivered in any given ponod (kwn).
 Energy Output         Energy delivered or available to be delivered in any given period (kWh).
 P                     Energy mete red by the billing meter in kWh at     the Delivery Point during Norma l
 ®metercd(i)     ~     Operation Interval /.

 j                     Total number of     Intervals that the System is operating under Normal Operation
Fralab.                During the applicable month          interval    according   Available
^Avallabletx)    ~     Available Energy in kWh calculated for           x           to the     Energy
)                      Formula.        intervals          system   subject                     or
y                      Total number of               that the     Is           to a System Event  Curtailed
                       Operation during the applicable month

32
32



                                                                       CONFIDENTIAL

     2.       Available Energy Formula

    During periods where the Facility is available to deliver power but the Customer does not consume all or part of
    it (due to a System Event or during Curtailed Operations), the Customer has agreed to pay based on Available
    Energy. Available Energy will be calculated with reference to historical performance of the system, taking into
    consideration the onsite solar irradiation.

    Available Energy for any given calenda r month is calculate d by consideri ng the perform ance data from the
    previous month during Normal Operation and adjusting for in-plane irradiance for each 15-mlnute interval during
    the periods of a System Event or Curtailed Operation.

    To calculate the Available Energy for the 15-mlnute interval x, the following formula shall be used:

                                               PR^o      X     Irri
                      ^Availablefi} = Max |0,            nth   Cap x  ^meteredii) \

    Where:
     ^Available(t)     Available Energy (kWh) for 15-mlnute interval i.
                       Performance Ratio based on Global In-Plane Irradiation modelled for
     P^month           each month as shown in the table below

     Cap               Installed capacity of the facility, corrected for module degradation at a
                       rate of 0.55%/year.
     ^"•(0             Global                  In-Plane irradiance measured by the onsite reference
                       pyranometer and averaged over 15-minute interval i (kW/m^).

     ^meteredCO        Energy metered by the billing meter in kWh at the Delivery Point during
                       Interval i.

    Values for PRMonth*
               PR Based on Global In-Plane
                       Irradiation
        January           76.6%
       February           75.6%
          March           76.3%
          April           77.3%
            May           78.2%
    June                  79.2%
           July           79.7%
  August                  78.9%
      September           77.7%
    October               76.8%
November                  76.8%
December                  77.0%
  Annual                  77.3%

    33



 F                                                                            CONFIDENTIAL
      ANNEXURE F: EARLY TERMINATION CHARGE

 The below Early Termination Charges will be applied to the final Facility size In Wp per the Construction
 Design Set. Customer shall pay such amount in US$ to Seller within thirty (30) days of demand therefor,
 provided that, if such payment in US$ is not permitted under Applicable Law at the payment date, then such
 payment shall be made in KSH at the Agreed Exchange Rate on the payment date.

      Until End of:           USD/Wp
      Operating Year 1         0.78
      Operating Year 2         0.76
      Operating Year 3         0.75
      Operating Year 4         0.72
      Operating Year 5         0.70
      Operating Year 6         0.67
      Operating Year 7         0.64
      Operating Year 8         0.61
      Operating Year 9         0.57
      Operating Year 10        0.54
      Operating Year 11        0.52
      Operating Year 12        0.50
      Operating Year 13        0.48
      Operating Year 14        0.46
      Operating Year 15        0.43
      Operating Year 16        0.41
      Operating Year 17        0.38
      Operating Year 18        0.35
      Operating Year 19        0.32
      Operating Year 20        0.28
      Operating Year 20-25     0.24

21
34



CONFIDENTIAL

ANNEXURE G: DELAYS

COD Deadlines

System Owner shall make commercially reasonable efforts for the Facility to reach Commercial Operation Date
by the Anticipated Commercial Operation Date.

System Owne r shall be   entitled to an appropriat e extension of time to meet the Anticipated Comm ercial
Operation Date to the extent that a delay Is caused by any event conditio n or activity that is beyond its
reasonable control, including but not limited to:
 a)     a Force Majeure Event;
 b)     loss or damage occasioned by any one or more of the matters covered under Insurance Cover; and
 c)     breach of this Agreement or delay othenwise caused by Customer (Including delays as a result of the
        suspension of the performance by the System Owner due to non-paym ent or non-perform ance by
        Customer);

If the Commercial Operation Date has not occurred on or before the Commercial Operation Longstop Date (as
it may be extended) as a  result of System Owner not satisfying one or more of  the obligatio ns under this
Agreement, then, for each month (or part of a month) from the Commercial Operation Longstop Date until the
Commercial Operation Date or the date of termination of the Agreement, System Owner shall be considered to
have delivered zero per cent  (0%) of the Required Ener gy Output set     forth in ANNEXURE H for the first
Operating Year, prorated for the relevant number of days of delay. System Owner shall compensate Customer
by paying the resu ltant Shortfall Payment according to AN NEXURE H [withi n 30 days after the end of each
month in KSH based on the Applicable Exchange Rate on the payment date], for a period of up to one [1] year
beyond the Commercial Operation Longstop Date. The payment of Shortfall Payments shall be the sole remedy
for any delays by System Owner in reaching the Commercial Operati on Date. Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Agreement, to the extent System Owner makes the relevant Shortfall Payments, Customer shall
not have a right to terminate the Agreement due to any delay of the Facility reaching the Commercial Operation
Date.

If the Commercial Operation Date has not occurred on or before the Commercial Operation Longstop Date as
a result of the Customer not satis fying one or more of the obliga tions under this Agree ment, then, for each
month (or part of a month) from the Commercial Operation Longstop Date until the Commercial Operation Date
or the date of termination of the Agreement, System Owner shall be considered to have delivered fifty per cent
(50%) of the Expected Energy Output and shall be allowed to invoice Customer for the resultant amount each
month (or part thereof).

35



 CONFIDENTIAL

                        ANNEXURE H: REQUIRED ENERGY OUTPUT

 The System Owner shall be liable for performance liquidated damages ("Shortfall Payments") to the extent
 the Energy Output of the Facility in any Guarante e Period shall be less than the relevan t Required En ergy
 Output for such Guarantee Period, unless failure to meet the Requir ed Energy Output is due to (a)      acts or
 omissions of Customer or breach by Customer of any of its obligations hereunder, (b) Force Majeure Events,
 (c) failure, damage or downti me attributable to Customer or third parties not act ing on behalf of the Syst em
 Owner or (d) equipment failure or delayed repair of equipment due to the c laims process with the equipment
 manufacturer which are beyond the control of System Owner.

 Shortfall Payments shall be calculated as follows:
                        sP ~ MAX I 0 ,     {fiauaranteed ~ ^Period) ^ (^>llternate ~ ^Solar) I

 Where:

  SP              =     Shortfall Payment owed by System Owner to Customer;
  ^Guaranteed     =     Required Energy Output for the Guarantee Period (adjusted for the Installed solar
                        capacity of the Facility, as shown in the tabie below);
  ^Period         ~     Energy Output in the given Guarantee Period (kWh).
  ^Alternate      =     The weighted average of the Grid Reference Price and the Generator Reference
                        Price for the relevant Guarantee Period (based on the ratio of grid vs. generator
                        usage by the Site (as determined based on the System Owner's solar monitoring
                        system) in KSH/kWh.
 Psoiar                 The ava,mgc Pagment nade by Cusicller for iho supply of solar gower for thc
                  =     The average Payment made by Customer for the supply of solar power for the
                        Guarantee Period (KSH/kWh);

 proviried ihai the amount so crediied w.th respact to cac" Operaung Year shall noi cxceed Operzing year 1
 provided that the amount so credited with respect to each Operating Year shall not exceed Operating year 1
 max value USD (converted to KSH at the Agreed Exchange Rate on the invoicing date).

3ò
36



CONFIDENTIAL

Required Energy Output

      Guarantee  Preliminary Yield     Preliminary
        Period    Estimate (kWh)*    Required Energy
      (Operating                      Output (kWh)*
        Year)
          1          1.382,709          1,106,168
      2              1,375,105          1,100,084
          2
      3                                 1,094,033
          3          1,367,541
          4          1,360,020          1,088,016
      4
          5          1,352,540          1,082,032
      5
      5              1,345,101          1,076,081
20        6          1,337,703          1,070,162
      77
          8          1,330,345          1,064,276
      8
          9          1,323,029          1,058,423
      3 I            1,315,752          1,052,602
          10
          11         1,308,515          1,046,812
          12         1,301,318          1,041,055
          13         1,294,161          1,035,329
          14         1,287,043          1,029,635
          15         1,279,965          1,023,972
          16         1,272,925          1,018,340
          17         1,265,924          1,012,739
          18         1,258,961          1,007,169
          19         1,252,037          1,001,629
      20             1,245,151           996,120

s 37



3c                                                              CONFIDENTIAL

*Note: Required Energy Output figures are based on an expected installed capacity of 993.60 kWp. Sfiould ttie
final installed capacity of tfie Facility differ from tfiisat Commercial Operation Date, the Required Energy Output
will be adjusted pro-rata based on the final Installed capacity.

In the event the Energy Output in any Guarantee Period falls below the relevant Required Energy Output, the
System Owner shall provide the Customer with a quarterly written report setting forth measures (and timing of
such) to undertake towards towards retuming the Facility to full operation and to satisfy the Required Energy
Output.

       − "nding
p d  h o p o  o   u b s s oen  ons
o S"w pue) se yo Sg yon. un pcjn  y Jaon o! cyod | Jeui es
                        n !d o  o c o  pod cd   d  a  a! u
                                  pel eu ch o peq so p( q
  ed   oe    c  p   o
 po  0g   po eaa Je  pos ae san nd A pad
COOILIL
         38

---

## PII Summary

| Type | Count |
|------|-------|
| EMAIL_ADDRESS | 3 |
| PERSON | 2 |
| PHONE_NUMBER | 1 |

## Redacted Values

### EMAIL_ADDRESS (3 unique, 3 occurrences)
- Energynotices@crossboundary.com (1×)
- cfo@nccke.com (1×)
- matt.tilleard@crossboundary.com (1×)

### PERSON (2 unique, 2 occurrences)
- purc hase (1×)
- Matthew Tilleard (1×)

### PHONE_NUMBER (1 unique, 1 occurrences)
- +254 756020157 (1×)
